# This is the CMakeCache file.
# For build in directory: d:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12
# It was generated by CMake: C:/Program Files (x86)/CMake 2.8/bin/cmake.exe
# You can edit this file to change values found and used by cmake.
# If you do not want to change any of the values, simply exit the editor.
# If you do want to change a value, simply edit, save, and exit the editor.
# The syntax for the file is as follows:
# KEY:TYPE=VALUE
# KEY is the name of a variable in the cache.
# TYPE is a hint to GUI's for the type of VALUE, DO NOT EDIT TYPE!.
# VALUE is the current value for the KEY.

########################
# EXTERNAL cache entries
########################

//Path to a file.
BZIP2_INCLUDE_DIR:PATH=BZIP2_INCLUDE_DIR-NOTFOUND

//Path to a library.
BZIP2_LIBRARY:FILEPATH=BZIP2_LIBRARY-NOTFOUND

//Path to a library.
BZIP2_LIBRARY_D:FILEPATH=BZIP2_LIBRARY_D-NOTFOUND

//The directory containing a CMake configuration file for Boost.
Boost_DIR:PATH=Boost_DIR-NOTFOUND

//Path to a file.
Boost_INCLUDE_DIR:PATH=Boost_INCLUDE_DIR-NOTFOUND

//Boost diagnostic define
Boost_LIB_DIAGNOSTIC_DEFINITIONS:STRING=-DBOOST_LIB_DIAGNOSTIC

//Choose the type of build, options are: Debug Release RelWithDebInfo
// ...
CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE:STRING=Release

//Semicolon separated list of supported configuration types, only
// supports Debug, Release, MinSizeRel, and RelWithDebInfo, anything
// else will be ignored.
CMAKE_CONFIGURATION_TYPES:STRING=Debug;Release;MinSizeRel;RelWithDebInfo

//Flags used by the compiler during all build types.
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS:STRING= /DWIN32 /D_WINDOWS /W3 /Zm1000 /GR /EHsc

//Flags used by the compiler during debug builds.
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_DEBUG:STRING=/D_DEBUG /MDd /Zi /Ob0 /Od /RTC1

//Flags used by the compiler during release minsize builds.
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL:STRING=/MD /O1 /Ob1 /D NDEBUG

//Flags used by the compiler during release builds (/MD /Ob1 /Oi
// /Ot /Oy /Gs will produce slightly less optimized but smaller
// files).
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_RELEASE:STRING=/MD /O2 /Ob2 /D NDEBUG

//Flags used by the compiler during Release with Debug Info builds.
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO:STRING=/MD /Zi /O2 /Ob1 /D NDEBUG

//Libraries linked by defalut with all C++ applications.
CMAKE_CXX_STANDARD_LIBRARIES:STRING=kernel32.lib user32.lib gdi32.lib winspool.lib shell32.lib ole32.lib oleaut32.lib uuid.lib comdlg32.lib advapi32.lib

//Flags used by the compiler during all build types.
CMAKE_C_FLAGS:STRING= /DWIN32 /D_WINDOWS /W3 /Zm1000

//Flags used by the compiler during debug builds.
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_DEBUG:STRING=/D_DEBUG /MDd /Zi /Ob0 /Od /RTC1

//Flags used by the compiler during release minsize builds.
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL:STRING=/MD /O1 /Ob1 /D NDEBUG

//Flags used by the compiler during release builds (/MD /Ob1 /Oi
// /Ot /Oy /Gs will produce slightly less optimized but smaller
// files).
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_RELEASE:STRING=/MD /O2 /Ob2 /D NDEBUG

//Flags used by the compiler during Release with Debug Info builds.
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO:STRING=/MD /Zi /O2 /Ob1 /D NDEBUG

//Libraries linked by defalut with all C applications.
CMAKE_C_STANDARD_LIBRARIES:STRING=kernel32.lib user32.lib gdi32.lib winspool.lib shell32.lib ole32.lib oleaut32.lib uuid.lib comdlg32.lib advapi32.lib

//Flags used by the linker.
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS:STRING=' /STACK:10000000 /machine:x64 '

//Flags used by the linker during debug builds.
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG:STRING=/debug /INCREMENTAL

//Flags used by the linker during release minsize builds.
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL:STRING=/INCREMENTAL:NO

//Flags used by the linker during release builds.
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE:STRING=/INCREMENTAL:NO

//Flags used by the linker during Release with Debug Info builds.
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO:STRING=/debug /INCREMENTAL

//Install path prefix, prepended onto install directories.
CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX:PATH=C:/Program Files/seqan

//Path to a program.
CMAKE_LINKER:FILEPATH=C:/Program Files (x86)/Microsoft Visual Studio 11.0/VC/bin/x86_amd64/link.exe

//Path to a program.
CMAKE_MAKE_PROGRAM:FILEPATH=C:/Windows/Microsoft.NET/Framework/v4.0.30319/MSBuild.exe

//Flags used by the linker during the creation of modules.
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS:STRING=' /STACK:10000000 /machine:x64 '

//Flags used by the linker during debug builds.
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG:STRING=/debug /INCREMENTAL

//Flags used by the linker during release minsize builds.
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL:STRING=/INCREMENTAL:NO

//Flags used by the linker during release builds.
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE:STRING=/INCREMENTAL:NO

//Flags used by the linker during Release with Debug Info builds.
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO:STRING=/debug /INCREMENTAL

//Value Computed by CMake
CMAKE_PROJECT_NAME:STATIC=seqan

//RC compiler
CMAKE_RC_COMPILER:FILEPATH=rc

//Flags for Fortran compiler.
CMAKE_RC_FLAGS:STRING=' '

//Flags used by the linker during the creation of dll's.
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS:STRING=' /STACK:10000000 /machine:x64 '

//Flags used by the linker during debug builds.
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG:STRING=/debug /INCREMENTAL

//Flags used by the linker during release minsize builds.
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL:STRING=/INCREMENTAL:NO

//Flags used by the linker during release builds.
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE:STRING=/INCREMENTAL:NO

//Flags used by the linker during Release with Debug Info builds.
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO:STRING=/debug /INCREMENTAL

//If set, runtime paths are not added when installing shared libraries,
// but are added when building.
CMAKE_SKIP_INSTALL_RPATH:BOOL=NO

//If set, runtime paths are not added when using shared libraries.
CMAKE_SKIP_RPATH:BOOL=NO

//If true, cmake will use relative paths in makefiles and projects.
CMAKE_USE_RELATIVE_PATHS:BOOL=OFF

//If this value is on, makefiles will be generated without the
// .SILENT directive, and all commands will be echoed to the console
// during the make.  This is useful for debugging only. With Visual
// Studio IDE projects all commands are done without /nologo.
CMAKE_VERBOSE_MAKEFILE:BOOL=FALSE

//Path to a program.
Java_JAR_EXECUTABLE:FILEPATH=Java_JAR_EXECUTABLE-NOTFOUND

//Path to a program.
Java_JAVAC_EXECUTABLE:FILEPATH=Java_JAVAC_EXECUTABLE-NOTFOUND

//Path to a program.
Java_JAVADOC_EXECUTABLE:FILEPATH=Java_JAVADOC_EXECUTABLE-NOTFOUND

//Path to a program.
Java_JAVAH_EXECUTABLE:FILEPATH=Java_JAVAH_EXECUTABLE-NOTFOUND

//Path to a program.
Java_JAVA_EXECUTABLE:FILEPATH=C:/Windows/System32/java.exe

//Path to a file.
LEMON_INCLUDE_DIR:PATH=LEMON_INCLUDE_DIR-NOTFOUND

//Path to a library.
LEMON_LIBRARY:FILEPATH=LEMON_LIBRARY-NOTFOUND

//LEMON root directory
LEMON_ROOT_DIR:PATH=

//C++ compiler flags for OpenMP parallization
OpenMP_CXX_FLAGS:STRING=/openmp

//C compiler flags for OpenMP parallization
OpenMP_C_FLAGS:STRING=/openmp

//Path to a program.
PYTHON_EXECUTABLE:FILEPATH=C:/Python27/python.exe

//Version of the application.
SEQAN_APP_VERSION:STRING=0.0.0

//Build/Release mode to select. One of DEVELOP SEQAN_RELEASE, APP:${APP_NAME}.
// Defaults to DEVELOP.
SEQAN_BUILD_SYSTEM:STRING=DEVELOP

//Enable new sequence tests.
SEQAN_COMPILE_SEQUENCE_TESTS_V2:BOOL=OFF

//Set to ON to disable memory mapping of the reference genome index.
SEQAN_EXTRAS_MASAI_DISABLE_MMAP:BOOL=OFF

//Set to TRUE to enable nightly app releases.
SEQAN_NIGHTLY_RELEASE:BOOL=FALSE

//Path to a file.
ZLIB_INCLUDE_DIR:PATH=ZLIB_INCLUDE_DIR-NOTFOUND

//Path to a library.
ZLIB_LIBRARY:FILEPATH=ZLIB_LIBRARY-NOTFOUND

//Path to a library.
ZLIB_LIBRARY_D:FILEPATH=ZLIB_LIBRARY_D-NOTFOUND

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_dfi_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/core/apps/dfi

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_dfi_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/core/apps/dfi

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_mason_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/core/apps/mason

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_mason_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/core/apps/mason

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_micro_razers_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/core/apps/micro_razers

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_micro_razers_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/core/apps/micro_razers

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_pair_align_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/core/apps/pair_align

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_pair_align_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/core/apps/pair_align

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_rabema_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/core/apps/rabema

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_rabema_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/core/apps/rabema

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_razers2_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/core/apps/razers2

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_razers2_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/core/apps/razers2

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_razers_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/core/apps/razers

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_razers_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/core/apps/razers

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_sak_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/core/apps/sak

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_sak_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/core/apps/sak

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_seqan_tcoffee_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/core/apps/seqan_tcoffee

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_seqan_tcoffee_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/core/apps/seqan_tcoffee

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_seqcons_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/core/apps/seqcons

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_seqcons_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/core/apps/seqcons

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_snp_store_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/core/apps/snp_store

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_snp_store_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/core/apps/snp_store

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_splazers_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/core/apps/splazers

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_splazers_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/core/apps/splazers

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_stellar_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/core/apps/stellar

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_stellar_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/core/apps/stellar

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_tree_recon_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/core/apps/tree_recon

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_tree_recon_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/core/apps/tree_recon

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_alf_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/extras/apps/alf

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_alf_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/extras/apps/alf

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_breakpoint_calculator_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/extras/apps/breakpoint_calculator

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_breakpoint_calculator_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/extras/apps/breakpoint_calculator

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_insegt_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/extras/apps/insegt

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_insegt_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/extras/apps/insegt

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_masai_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/extras/apps/masai

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_masai_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/extras/apps/masai

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_param_chooser_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/extras/apps/param_chooser

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_param_chooser_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/extras/apps/param_chooser

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_razers3_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/extras/apps/razers3

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_razers3_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/extras/apps/razers3

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_rep_sep_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/extras/apps/rep_sep

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_rep_sep_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/extras/apps/rep_sep

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_sgip_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/extras/apps/sgip

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_sgip_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/extras/apps/sgip

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_variant_comp_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/extras/apps/variant_comp

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_variant_comp_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/extras/apps/variant_comp

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/core

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/core

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_apps_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/core/apps

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_apps_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/core/apps

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_demos_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/core/demos

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_demos_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/core/demos

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/core/tests

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/core/tests

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_align_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/core/tests/align

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_align_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/core/tests/align

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_arg_parse_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/core/tests/arg_parse

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_arg_parse_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/core/tests/arg_parse

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_bam_io_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/core/tests/bam_io

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_bam_io_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/core/tests/bam_io

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_basic_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/core/tests/basic

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_basic_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/core/tests/basic

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_consensus_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/core/tests/consensus

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_consensus_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/core/tests/consensus

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_file_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/core/tests/file

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_file_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/core/tests/file

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_find_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/core/tests/find

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_find_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/core/tests/find

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_find_swift_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/core/tests/swift_local

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_find_swift_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/core/tests/swift_local

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_gff_io_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/core/tests/gff_io

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_gff_io_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/core/tests/gff_io

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_graph_algorithms_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/core/tests/graph_algorithms

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_graph_algorithms_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/core/tests/graph_algorithms

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_graph_align_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/core/tests/graph_align

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_graph_align_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/core/tests/graph_align

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_graph_msa_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/core/tests/graph_msa

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_graph_msa_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/core/tests/graph_msa

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_graph_types_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/core/tests/graph_types

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_graph_types_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/core/tests/graph_types

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_index_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/core/tests/index

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_index_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/core/tests/index

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_map_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/core/tests/map

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_map_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/core/tests/map

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_misc_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/core/tests/misc

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_misc_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/core/tests/misc

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_modifier_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/core/tests/modifier

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_modifier_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/core/tests/modifier

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_parallel_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/core/tests/parallel

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_parallel_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/core/tests/parallel

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_pipe_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/core/tests/pipe

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_pipe_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/core/tests/pipe

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_random_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/core/tests/random

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_random_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/core/tests/random

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_score_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/core/tests/score

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_score_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/core/tests/score

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_seeds_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/core/tests/seeds

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_seeds_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/core/tests/seeds

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_seq_io_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/core/tests/seq_io

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_seq_io_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/core/tests/seq_io

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_sequence_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/core/tests/sequence

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_sequence_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/core/tests/sequence

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_sequence_journaled_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/core/tests/sequence_journaled

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_sequence_journaled_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/core/tests/sequence_journaled

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_store_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/core/tests/store

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_store_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/core/tests/store

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_stream_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/core/tests/stream

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_stream_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/core/tests/stream

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_docs_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/docs

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_docs_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/docs

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/extras

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/extras

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_apps_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/extras/apps

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_apps_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/extras/apps

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_apps_searchjoin_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/extras/apps/searchjoin

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_apps_searchjoin_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/extras/apps/searchjoin

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_demos_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/extras/demos

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_demos_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/extras/demos

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/extras/tests

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/extras/tests

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_align_split_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/extras/tests/align_split

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_align_split_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/extras/tests/align_split

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_alignment_free_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/extras/tests/alignment_free

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_alignment_free_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/extras/tests/alignment_free

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_find_motif_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/extras/tests/find_motif

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_find_motif_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/extras/tests/find_motif

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_multiple_translation_units_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/extras/tests/multiple_translation_units

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_multiple_translation_units_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/extras/tests/multiple_translation_units

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_parse_lm_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/extras/tests/parse_lm

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_parse_lm_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/extras/tests/parse_lm

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_statistics_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/extras/tests/statistics

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_statistics_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/extras/tests/statistics

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/sandbox

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/sandbox

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/sandbox/my_sandbox

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/sandbox/my_sandbox

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_first_app_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/first_app

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_first_app_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/first_app

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_demos_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/sandbox/my_sandbox/demos

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_demos_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/sandbox/my_sandbox/demos

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_tests_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12/sandbox/my_sandbox/tests

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_tests_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk/sandbox/my_sandbox/tests


########################
# INTERNAL cache entries
########################

//Stored GUID
ALL_BUILD_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D905E585-3D80-4BF1-BE41-93C327CD4DA5
//ADVANCED property for variable: BZIP2_INCLUDE_DIR
BZIP2_INCLUDE_DIR-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: Boost_INCLUDE_DIR
Boost_INCLUDE_DIR-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_BUILD_TOOL
CMAKE_BUILD_TOOL-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//What is the target build tool cmake is generating for.
CMAKE_BUILD_TOOL:INTERNAL=C:/Windows/Microsoft.NET/Framework/v4.0.30319/MSBuild.exe
//This is the directory where this CMakeCache.txt was created
CMAKE_CACHEFILE_DIR:INTERNAL=d:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk-build/VSE_12
//Major version of cmake used to create the current loaded cache
CMAKE_CACHE_MAJOR_VERSION:INTERNAL=2
//Minor version of cmake used to create the current loaded cache
CMAKE_CACHE_MINOR_VERSION:INTERNAL=8
//Patch version of cmake used to create the current loaded cache
CMAKE_CACHE_PATCH_VERSION:INTERNAL=10
//Path to CMake executable.
CMAKE_COMMAND:INTERNAL=C:/Program Files (x86)/CMake 2.8/bin/cmake.exe
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_CONFIGURATION_TYPES
CMAKE_CONFIGURATION_TYPES-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//Path to cpack program executable.
CMAKE_CPACK_COMMAND:INTERNAL=C:/Program Files (x86)/CMake 2.8/bin/cpack.exe
//Path to ctest program executable.
CMAKE_CTEST_COMMAND:INTERNAL=C:/Program Files (x86)/CMake 2.8/bin/ctest.exe
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_DEBUG
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_DEBUG-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_RELEASE
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_RELEASE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_CXX_STANDARD_LIBRARIES
CMAKE_CXX_STANDARD_LIBRARIES-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_C_FLAGS
CMAKE_C_FLAGS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_C_FLAGS_DEBUG
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_DEBUG-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_C_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_C_FLAGS_RELEASE
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_RELEASE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_C_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_C_STANDARD_LIBRARIES
CMAKE_C_STANDARD_LIBRARIES-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//Path to cache edit program executable.
CMAKE_EDIT_COMMAND:INTERNAL=C:/Program Files (x86)/CMake 2.8/bin/cmake-gui.exe
//Executable file format
CMAKE_EXECUTABLE_FORMAT:INTERNAL=Unknown
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//Name of generator.
CMAKE_GENERATOR:INTERNAL=Visual Studio 11 Win64
//Start directory with the top level CMakeLists.txt file for this
// project
CMAKE_HOME_DIRECTORY:INTERNAL=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_LINKER
CMAKE_LINKER-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_MAKE_PROGRAM
CMAKE_MAKE_PROGRAM-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//number of local generators
CMAKE_NUMBER_OF_LOCAL_GENERATORS:INTERNAL=73
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_RC_COMPILER
CMAKE_RC_COMPILER-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
CMAKE_RC_COMPILER_WORKS:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_RC_FLAGS
CMAKE_RC_FLAGS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//Path to CMake installation.
CMAKE_ROOT:INTERNAL=C:/Program Files (x86)/CMake 2.8/share/cmake-2.8
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_SKIP_INSTALL_RPATH
CMAKE_SKIP_INSTALL_RPATH-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_SKIP_RPATH
CMAKE_SKIP_RPATH-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_USE_RELATIVE_PATHS
CMAKE_USE_RELATIVE_PATHS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_VERBOSE_MAKEFILE
CMAKE_VERBOSE_MAKEFILE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//Details about finding PythonInterp
FIND_PACKAGE_MESSAGE_DETAILS_PythonInterp:INTERNAL=[C:/Python27/python.exe][v2.7.2()]
//Stored GUID
INSTALL_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=0F1A1CAD-8197-4EF0-B2C0-0F74D5BFAC8E
//ADVANCED property for variable: Java_JAR_EXECUTABLE
Java_JAR_EXECUTABLE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: Java_JAVAC_EXECUTABLE
Java_JAVAC_EXECUTABLE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: Java_JAVADOC_EXECUTABLE
Java_JAVADOC_EXECUTABLE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: Java_JAVAH_EXECUTABLE
Java_JAVAH_EXECUTABLE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: Java_JAVA_EXECUTABLE
Java_JAVA_EXECUTABLE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: LEMON_INCLUDE_DIR
LEMON_INCLUDE_DIR-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: LEMON_LIBRARY
LEMON_LIBRARY-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: OpenMP_CXX_FLAGS
OpenMP_CXX_FLAGS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: OpenMP_C_FLAGS
OpenMP_C_FLAGS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//Test OpenMP_FLAG_DETECTED
OpenMP_FLAG_DETECTED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: PYTHON_EXECUTABLE
PYTHON_EXECUTABLE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//Stored GUID
RUN_TESTS_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=A2B6C6C3-F327-462D-B1A8-8A47B0143267
//Used legacy build system.
SEQAN_BUILD_SYSTEM_LEGACY:INTERNAL=OFF
SEQAN_CTD_EXECUTABLES:INTERNAL=dfi;pair_align;razers;razers2;sak;seqan_tcoffee;seqcons;stellar;tree_recon;alf;insegt;masai_indexer;masai_mapper;masai_output_se;masai_output_pe;razers3
//Root source directory.
SEQAN_ROOT_SOURCE_DIR:INTERNAL=D:/UNI/Projektmanagement/seqan-trunk
//Whether or not to expect the SeqAn build system with core/extras
// structure.
SEQAN_USE_SEQAN_BUILD_SYSTEM:INTERNAL=TRUE
//SeqAn major version.
SEQAN_VERSION_MAJOR:INTERNAL=1
//SeqAn minor version.
SEQAN_VERSION_MINOR:INTERNAL=4
//SeqAn patch version.
SEQAN_VERSION_PATCH:INTERNAL=0
//Whether version is a pre-release version version.
SEQAN_VERSION_PRE_RELEASE:INTERNAL=1
//SeqAn version string.
SEQAN_VERSION_STRING:INTERNAL=1.4.0
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_CMake Rules_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=74A7500B-FDA1-4BED-9C72-BF00E97EDE01
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_Header Files_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=2AA7988D-501E-4EDC-9D29-12C0478E1E78
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_Object Files_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=708955B0-4A64-4E8B-B94D-6DD2363B08CB
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_Resources_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C51195D2-41B6-4871-966C-8D206CB6D4C5
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_Source Files_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=134AB878-6AEA-4300-944B-7501B60B4B8A
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\align_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=7DFEC8C7-5D25-4C87-9A7B-1898CAC10185
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\align_split_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=611517F0-4520-417B-994F-53B78381AF30
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\alignment_free_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=7FF52193-8CA2-4C78-BE12-FF9984CA748A
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\arg_parse_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4D4C7801-9255-4420-9AD9-B8EAAEBF5DEA
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\bam_io_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D8E347DD-908D-472A-B65F-A2C4A17950D9
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\basic_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C695BDDD-33E2-4365-8CD4-8144AF0A5F22
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\consensus_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=2EADAB5E-F2FB-401D-84D0-6394C5451EC0
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\file_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=701574C8-911D-4562-9C43-A6ED5123382A
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\find_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D51A370F-9D7B-4C3A-9D13-27DCF9E3FD2A
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\find_motif_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=3E8D6E9C-6630-45D8-AEF3-760A3C303216
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\gff_io_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=418F59AA-C316-4987-89D7-481947DDC131
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\graph_algorithms_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=2224F50B-C136-4C2E-99B2-172F8A2B7DB6
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\graph_align_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=0DF90402-0406-490B-8467-9D8FEC5A0B0C
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\graph_msa_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=10116F6F-2C27-4FEA-A7C6-62D9443FA1F7
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\graph_types_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=15FFB260-02E5-4E30-A7DD-6BFC947258D5
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\index_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=977DD69A-94CC-427C-85E4-5A73BBA5D38B
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\journaled_set_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=63BE7237-D726-4DD1-AAC2-01C64856273F
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\map_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=6F3539A7-C714-4DE7-89AA-8D0E1384E8BE
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\math_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=ED7D45F0-8C42-4BFF-AFDC-F038CA0EF8CF
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\misc_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=BC826810-C1BF-4954-AC17-F1873E94A722
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\modifier_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=603CB4C7-F89C-4F23-85E6-92B5E19263B0
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\parallel_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=70844067-DB04-4342-ABFE-6978AD24A434
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\parse_lm_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D032729E-634F-42D3-B42E-3FDDA4F71868
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\pipe_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=073D398E-A271-4925-BA75-C83B76A3AC3F
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\platform_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E8350473-5E2E-4D9E-9C71-35B3E4314762
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\random_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C10C3F18-DEE1-451D-BB0D-1F6CDA27D82E
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\score_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=9773596C-257F-4650-8421-A7EF997D65A6
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\seeds_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=AC339038-99A9-4E84-9A09-AC6BD977D207
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\seq_io_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=BFB2C464-D83E-44CF-9D8C-0A39489B74A7
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\sequence_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=0CB6896C-F4C6-4F19-A168-DEB28BBF11C9
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\sequence_journaled_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=DF2901A7-44E7-4AB1-9DBD-46F645342C99
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\statistics_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=659DE7E1-168E-4071-B0E4-7FE4365AFA5B
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\store_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=DD2D4A35-C2F4-48B9-8068-E93E797356A6
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\stream_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=0E9288C8-F7C0-4F76-8EE2-E21822827E26
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\system_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E55E8626-8068-4E37-A855-EE857780F12E
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=775072B1-9E55-4D6F-9D59-FF942BDAD3AA
//Stored GUID
ZERO_CHECK_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=3D4ADA08-5858-48FF-B47D-8E9C46006924
//ADVANCED property for variable: ZLIB_INCLUDE_DIR
ZLIB_INCLUDE_DIR-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: ZLIB_LIBRARY
ZLIB_LIBRARY-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//Result of TRY_COMPILE
_SEQAN_COMPILE_RESULT:INTERNAL=TRUE
//ADVANCED property for variable: _SEQAN_HAVE_EXECINFO
_SEQAN_HAVE_EXECINFO-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//Have includes execinfo.h
_SEQAN_HAVE_EXECINFO:INTERNAL=
//Result of TRY_RUN
_SEQAN_RUN_RESULT:INTERNAL=0
//Stored GUID
alf_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D3433215-F0D6-4059-97BF-2AE69A07F9C6
//Stored GUID
demo_align_gaps_clipping_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C7FEE266-7ACB-46F9-89B9-B22BE83CCAB9
//Stored GUID
demo_alignment_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=B554B198-5DEC-493D-A74C-F0976388CC29
//Stored GUID
demo_alignment_local_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=95CDFBC3-3EB7-4119-9E42-A070D82F8E12
//Stored GUID
demo_alignment_msa_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F5B52569-C89F-4906-9139-E5185EDCAA8D
//Stored GUID
demo_allocator_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=821F28E0-62E2-4429-AF03-CE8C0AD34F91
//Stored GUID
demo_alphabet_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C924CA3B-EC2B-43A9-8EEB-6864ED950F14
//Stored GUID
demo_annotation_converter_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=CB255192-BE81-40FA-B801-FC30152AEA15
//Stored GUID
demo_arg_align_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=DC48BE38-32FB-4412-97CD-917A6959501F
//Stored GUID
demo_arg_parse_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=07567CB8-D0B4-4EC8-98B7-6947B0BC577C
//Stored GUID
demo_bam_library_size_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E4772FEF-D25F-4185-8234-9FC054744336
//Stored GUID
demo_bam_print_alignments_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=9E79B9BE-578B-49EF-9792-53F21F8ECB0D
//Stored GUID
demo_bam_stats_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=B2F3F377-56EF-414F-8DE9-2FD7E321AEEF
//Stored GUID
demo_bamutil_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=045584E9-C1E2-4FA6-A974-1D30DA2DED88
//Stored GUID
demo_benchmark_stream_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=DC246C4C-FF29-4B2B-B260-48662D2160A0
//Stored GUID
demo_benchmark_stream_write_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=ABB7E62F-0265-4C7A-813A-7050018C198A
//Stored GUID
demo_enumerate_strings_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=340F2567-6E2F-468D-A85E-B23A3C4304F6
//Stored GUID
demo_example_seq_io_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1C4CEE73-3995-49CB-90E8-9887E8C5F73E
//Stored GUID
demo_file_format_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=9126494E-3F3A-4B48-BA97-993D01096E9E
//Stored GUID
demo_file_readwrite_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1EEA1267-980B-4E6A-98F7-95F8613CA1DB
//Stored GUID
demo_file_speed_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C4391132-7594-42C3-AF5F-A673139BCB4C
//Stored GUID
demo_filter_sam_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=6724313F-5027-48F3-A9AA-EA51F26496EF
//Stored GUID
demo_find_approx_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=73D8BFCE-3CFC-4154-95CA-8BF795538223
//Stored GUID
demo_find_exact_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=55A37400-DF3A-4999-AEBD-42ECFB2B21CC
//Stored GUID
demo_find_motif_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=0AD785A2-3CBE-4E65-9A73-861023EDC1BE
//Stored GUID
demo_find_wild_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=604F8996-979E-4227-A2D2-558ED25F1596
//Stored GUID
demo_gff2gtf_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=431AE7EE-5E50-4DCD-9E21-034F6A1A10E9
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_bfs_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=30DAC7BA-8FC3-4B35-ACD4-361E7F881DCB
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_dfs_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=7FF418A3-195E-48CA-ABEB-4A2D90DD1BBA
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_flow_fordfulkerson_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C71FF83D-F607-4052-BFF9-072841AB90CD
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_his_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=58E2E70F-D2B0-406E-B695-7098074D0D5D
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_lcs_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=AE3B5AAC-D88F-42D2-846C-218B6AAB5AA0
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_lis_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=3BB965E9-7EB8-48E5-85F0-CA3A7DF520DC
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_path_allpairs_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=6AF39E8B-930A-41A5-B5C8-F666E0BCA904
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_path_bellmanford_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=FA9B8B1E-4832-4C38-BFCF-AD4CF67E9CDA
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_path_dag_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F3C9F314-884F-4963-A09C-6B1433E4DA51
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_path_dijkstra_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4842542D-3108-4683-AF14-B012CF020CCD
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_path_floydwarshall_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=DDA928EB-27A2-4C62-9553-67E7447091C6
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_path_transitive_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D90ADBD4-A9FE-4072-B795-138CA066AD42
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_scc_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C074B1F5-4916-4FE4-8323-B4F179B15DD3
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_topsort_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=2AD22672-0A83-47A1-897D-DA97CCF29E70
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_tree_kruskal_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=DD01D939-795B-4D0C-B97B-BE0A7CAB5C65
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_tree_prim_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=87246495-54B4-44AE-8131-E642A12045BA
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_hmm_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=90A90B30-8843-460A-9B8A-C71671960A35
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_hmm_silent_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=01AF1E64-2195-4A44-8FA7-942D577331E6
//Stored GUID
demo_howto_clip_alignments_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=2B2847B3-974B-4B22-B6A8-F6A1EE1F8135
//Stored GUID
demo_howto_cmdparser_example_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=86A73693-9E9C-45DD-ACA1-33366D58EE91
//Stored GUID
demo_howto_efficiently_import_sequences_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D542D845-78D5-4477-8C23-458235CF5985
//Stored GUID
demo_howto_filter_similar_sequences_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=AB838A34-3E0A-445E-8568-C3A1067AB085
//Stored GUID
demo_howto_scores_init_score_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1E24B584-1949-47F3-9BBE-D07E856EDD3C
//Stored GUID
demo_howto_scores_load_score_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=3952CBCD-012D-42C2-86EC-00E9036F9545
//Stored GUID
demo_index_counting_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=05F94AE2-E14A-472E-BA4B-0180EAE637B0
//Stored GUID
demo_index_find_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D4F962E2-B23F-4A61-AC1E-4BDFE85575D9
//Stored GUID
demo_index_find_stringset_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=47F4D1D5-7B78-407E-A687-FCB250B97A92
//Stored GUID
demo_index_lcp_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E34D75E6-8612-4C4E-A3AF-3D05B6994116
//Stored GUID
demo_index_maxrepeats_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=72BDACE3-852B-40FA-860C-F0ED6878EABB
//Stored GUID
demo_index_mummy_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=582B8900-1CA9-4DD6-A677-D75A8FF24797
//Stored GUID
demo_index_mums_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=FCB8DE7B-C21C-4E4F-8F9C-D8BE8C30018D
//Stored GUID
demo_index_node_predicate_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=57BFD135-199F-48EA-B0D2-57E8D1BDBE23
//Stored GUID
demo_index_qgram_counts_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D05B1BF9-C362-43C4-822D-5D70053389B1
//Stored GUID
demo_index_sufarray_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=25845085-E483-4304-89A2-A164173EF4FC
//Stored GUID
demo_index_supermaxrepeats_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=308A5E04-B30F-46F4-AB5D-EEE7B38C1A64
//Stored GUID
demo_interval_tree_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=544A010C-CE8F-45D3-BB20-1AC3D34E8B4D
//Stored GUID
demo_iterator_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=9E672443-62E4-46B1-8B47-B99055390243
//Stored GUID
demo_modifier_modreverse_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D32196AB-57E5-4645-8048-02ABDC2AA86F
//Stored GUID
demo_modifier_modview_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=380CB699-CF3E-4988-B59B-0CB4A72DD070
//Stored GUID
demo_modifier_nested_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=ED609239-F4CF-4A10-892D-A33BBE0AF194
//Stored GUID
demo_parse_lm_stellar_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=9D4D3CF6-FF7E-4E48-BF2D-638960EEB5E0
//Stored GUID
demo_pipe_sort_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=73BE8A74-1FD0-4996-B425-A864B2D2D519
//Stored GUID
demo_repeats_demo_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E436649F-24D4-4515-A2D8-0A7B8F897506
//Stored GUID
demo_rooted_iterator_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4C709C27-3DF3-424D-A485-0B10F439B546
//Stored GUID
demo_sam2svg_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=3D12F56B-8A0C-4522-84DD-C72A1D44DABA
//Stored GUID
demo_sample_seqs_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=767DBAF8-8D7A-45A2-862E-79F0BA216B3F
//Stored GUID
demo_seeds_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=9CBE95A6-8241-4521-98EE-B224401EE5F2
//Stored GUID
demo_segmentalignment_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4B64CAE1-107A-478F-BD99-BE04E74454FA
//Stored GUID
demo_sequence_length_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=AF947A94-A790-4A70-A53F-EEC3AF981DF6
//Stored GUID
demo_soft_to_hard_masking_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=6001D7C4-0FF2-4888-B8DA-D07A63E380D5
//Stored GUID
demo_stream_read_fastq_gz_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=2FD4C5BA-D9DB-4A02-ADAD-CC762368D87A
//Stored GUID
demo_template_subclassing_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=B808CBDE-EC21-44AA-A3CE-F690496A121A
//Stored GUID
demo_terminal_demo_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=6667C4AB-FFDE-404D-82FF-E62BDFA6A3EE
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment2_align_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=A5435E99-876F-47AA-AE11-97E61BA431B9
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_align_assignment1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=0847571C-A478-49BA-B07C-1E6B2F8D30B7
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_banded_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=71E4B113-9D68-4168-A70B-97B946997F7E
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_gaps_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E1ACE4C1-B4A1-408C-9036-3A8DF586416E
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_global_assignment1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=2E100174-08D9-4CC8-8F64-732B9DE2F658
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_global_assignment2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=962502C3-DA28-44E4-833B-6873BBD74F7A
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_global_assignment3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=AFDD0B73-920B-42A5-ADF8-3461E0A8E03E
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_global_assignment4_part1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=99F0151E-286F-4503-96C8-551379B23940
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_global_assignment4_part2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=2CDBBBA5-E54F-4350-B118-C0001B8BCDE4
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_global_overlap_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=DD64515D-E307-4297-8A6E-B5B92AA2A2D0
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_global_specialised_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=09145577-E52A-4187-B3AB-D46F31D3A896
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_global_standard_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=A4550C7C-B8A9-4761-8168-8BC8017978A3
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_local_standard_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=BFF6881F-A1EA-4F2C-BD63-B236D7378F9C
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_local_waterman_eggert_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=33030062-6306-43C1-A562-6BF6A5A3F3EA
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_msa_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D38B8235-42FF-4DD1-8B25-AFF7FA397AA1
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_msa_assignment1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=DF80722B-A00A-4D80-9BA2-27B4BA4A0EFE
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_pairwise_global2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=39AD19B5-4851-4541-AF2B-EECA7F8E77EA
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_pairwise_global_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=213326CB-7BC8-4710-BD27-60656DB402AB
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_pairwise_global_assignment1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=EF3A2059-CDFE-44BC-B8DE-AA69163644FF
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_pairwise_global_assignment2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=18666EBB-A7C3-44E1-9E5C-4F85471C577E
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_pairwise_local_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=A44F13E4-0232-4E1E-85E4-747D5EBA7373
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_pairwise_local_assignment1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=48F004FE-2B9E-4215-86E2-FFD4D7D5A279
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_representation_alignment_graph_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F107F49B-0407-4451-A9FC-119537DE00E1
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_representation_alignment_graph_assignment1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=FAC3AA5D-933D-4621-8E18-FF726A965857
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_pairwise_sequence_alignment_assignment5_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=2305EA12-A149-4B99-BB05-F79911DEA021
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_pairwise_sequence_alignment_assignment5_step1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=9A80D2C4-FF2D-401C-889B-1E7371F8A015
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_pairwise_sequence_alignment_assignment5_step2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E2C1B95B-FE06-4760-9405-FF198577F5E5
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_pairwise_sequence_alignment_assignment5_step3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=384BD6BF-7D12-413C-BD5B-31096CBB6058
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_pairwise_sequence_alignment_assignment5_step4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=9432C90F-08E0-4988-87AB-3DDBF68C5BC0
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_pairwise_sequence_alignment_assignment5_step5_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=CFEEC010-4862-4287-9A66-211C76D5F555
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_pairwise_sequence_alignment_assignment5_step6_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=FA516DEC-1523-4254-B451-A13ED42660F0
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alphabets_alphabet_assignment_1_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=9993CCAE-5D07-4C29-BD5A-47A9D9581C2A
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_annotation_store_assignment_1_hint_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=EFE8EA61-3AFC-4DEE-81D2-5B43D7C7E45E
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_annotation_store_assignment_1_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=50678594-2555-43A3-A91C-01486430A3E1
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_annotation_store_assignment_2_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4B85EA09-88F6-4744-9879-FC264E10A70B
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_annotation_store_assignment_3_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F7378038-BECB-4BF6-AD33-9FC28CA97A5D
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_annotation_store_assignment_4_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=2AA744D7-C078-48F5-A67A-A5061259BFD0
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_bam_io_example1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=2B2F68E4-CB65-4E7B-9B90-D06DB74D1805
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_bam_io_example2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=178E018A-4FF6-4468-84DD-7777CA73B587
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_bam_io_example3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D30CF105-2484-48A8-B92A-3A2454869D77
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_bam_io_example4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=94E8C157-0E0A-445D-8F2E-DE2AAB8E513D
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_bam_io_example5_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=9CD0E175-6805-4860-9F11-0791F45FC796
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_bam_io_example6_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=5F41F5C7-ADDD-461A-BF58-90B95D3BF182
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_bam_io_example7_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=950D77A1-7892-4BE1-92B0-27C3D648FC56
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_bam_io_solution1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=383DDD51-50E3-4A00-B2F5-25B3AC276ACD
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_bam_io_solution2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=29D14902-B3DD-4CC4-A4AD-76776F17F357
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_bam_io_solution3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4D9F4373-EA75-4409-B157-F47D495FE3B7
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sam_bam_io_example1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=5BA440F3-45F5-4C9F-ADEB-72AA65E50E10
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sam_bam_io_example2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=42547EE7-BCBF-4105-9699-00B6D424E2A1
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sam_bam_io_example3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C6725821-E48E-4DF0-A499-D57F96576BE9
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sam_bam_io_solution1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=01E9256A-2074-4DF1-8ABE-207E960781D4
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sam_bam_io_solution2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=46DA7239-4A54-4561-B871-D74325D0B104
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sam_bam_io_solution3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=27DAD003-DEC2-4441-9C7C-6AFA06BC2E1A
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sam_bam_io_solution4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=A324CF89-6662-411C-9E77-3384178A5A6F
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sequence_io_example1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=FA67B68F-E3DF-4879-9A30-B746FB3E9217
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sequence_io_example2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=170CB44D-9724-4DE9-B331-75FB7106070E
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sequence_io_example3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E7AF442A-8C0D-4DF0-A08F-069E9B96DDFE
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sequence_io_solution1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=0D535C13-938B-4C76-942E-735F751A1557
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sequence_io_solution2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=825A2E39-F5FB-4E5D-874A-3B676A6589DE
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sequence_io_solution3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=9A3C3DAB-2976-43D1-AB37-2B131C76F576
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sequence_io_solution4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=939F4F4F-3130-4DBE-9F3F-A321613B92B4
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sequence_io_solution5_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=EF708895-F8BC-4DE1-8999-308CDEB2ABEA
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sequence_io_solution6_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=595F1317-6797-4251-98D8-B300421902E5
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basics_allocator_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=ECF0F140-5674-4C51-AB31-DE7EDC3DC41F
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basics_show_alphabets_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=B6F57F69-BBD7-4FF1-A0F2-9E4EABE68B0E
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basics_strings_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=5AEB7934-C7BE-4422-BD18-0EDFD2A791E9
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basics_swap_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=079DD564-2A47-4FCE-B82F-293425EC2A99
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_data_journaling_example_join_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=DDEC0DD4-F14C-44C0-9AB9-3554666E48B5
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_data_journaling_example_journal_string_basic_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=9044438C-3416-4C6E-B29E-1E57074CC6EE
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_data_journaling_example_online_search_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=44531846-1A3A-4183-B3FA-C7784499E0A0
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_data_journaling_example_online_search_assignment1_hint_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4BBA8653-B91B-423E-8F36-A5BCAD00961E
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_data_journaling_example_online_search_assignment2_hint_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=081B63D0-2CC1-401F-990C-D514AB7A7F67
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_data_journaling_example_online_search_assignment3_hint_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=2BBF6B63-2DF3-4B17-BADF-566CC727F7D3
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_data_journaling_example_online_search_assignment4_hint_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=DE1E3049-76BC-4BFC-9232-1FC10B83F83A
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_data_journaling_solution_online_search_assignment1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=864F132F-B6DF-47B6-9BC2-7FA5DB584B94
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_data_journaling_solution_online_search_assignment2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=9D64B205-1B63-4B8B-8A0A-85821ED4F042
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_data_journaling_solution_online_search_assignment3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=5AE70249-FBE9-4CA8-80B8-4DE051B30A68
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_data_journaling_solution_online_search_assignment4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E8296D0E-0780-4DA8-BBA4-4CB14903552B
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_data_journaling_solution_online_search_finder_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=BE73F609-BA3E-49A8-8CD4-98680A1614A4
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_file_io_example1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=CD49ED15-D140-48FF-8A75-1A8366B67574
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_file_io_mmap_string_example_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=064CC1C3-198F-4BEA-8FA4-8DE15A635944
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_file_io_solution1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=713C274F-0572-4944-B073-ED52F050A634
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_file_io_solution2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=AA5F21B5-7ABD-4A34-9FA8-5AC2C346A648
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_file_io_stream_compression_formats_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=681266FB-7059-4625-AFE6-7457D01E13F1
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_find_find_approx_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=86E8C384-1F23-4416-BD4F-66759D9C2C06
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_find_find_assignment1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4BDBC37E-5CCB-4062-A935-E97B98515355
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_find_find_assignment2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=47835C1E-2B70-45EF-8CCB-395B86791F11
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_find_find_assignment3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=DC063373-4569-4D44-AFFD-897600342EE8
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_find_find_exact_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=B93D4038-957F-45E8-A8AC-33A22A35F228
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_find_find_index_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=AE443C7F-1050-49C6-9159-AA1D6CB1A58C
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_find_find_index_multiple_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=91CC962B-9A7A-46FA-B93A-5B122C632895
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_find_motif_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=0F9BF5D3-8D30-4BA6-848C-685F5A5EADE4
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_find_motif_pms1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=00EFAFD8-6809-43CF-8717-9D108C20EBAF
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_first_steps_basic_code_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=01FA3325-BA44-41C0-9FC8-270B5F1BE2EA
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_first_steps_basic_code_detailed_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=CF964558-3E74-4724-B09B-9BAE1FC99000
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_first_steps_code_encapsulation_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=46637E79-F34B-4FE8-B520-5E0CC2B3E318
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_first_steps_final_result_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=A4EB8AC4-F6B5-467B-BF32-1ECCAE334869
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_first_steps_solution_1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C2FBBD8A-0B83-4789-A966-7CACBDE7F308
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_first_steps_solution_2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C987F08F-667D-45B7-AAEA-E8DB2474AF80
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_first_steps_solution_3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E74173C5-E071-4471-9DC9-15924A66E21A
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_first_steps_solution_4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=7B820D12-5CEB-484B-A0A5-EE168AAB998A
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_first_steps_solution_5_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=82D7AAD5-156D-4F20-92FB-7EE3F7317730
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_first_steps_solution_6_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=EC42CB55-4E6A-46A3-9E37-4391819CF783
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_graph_graph_algo_scc_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=DCF6320B-400A-4652-BAB6-3D3E93FECAD7
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_graph_graph_dijkstra_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E96A4A7F-E387-40B7-8BD0-8F0CD1F2287F
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_graph_graph_hmm_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=A8800DAA-859D-4941-B10F-90C5A03B2EEF
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_index_assignment1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=CB2A0003-AF07-49B9-A071-A97FE3A527D4
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_index_assignment2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E0A1E424-75E4-4997-A343-D6BF1C1EAF30
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_index_assignment3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=CFE327B1-2B99-4D1A-B47B-BCC319AD5A67
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_index_assignment4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E0E0DAC9-7FA4-49C2-AD0D-BE5E7AA39963
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_index_assignment5_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4BC792AE-C6A1-42AC-8C43-9CAB69F6A57E
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_index_assignment6_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D3B68B1A-EA5F-4F70-9E83-BABE30700DC6
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_index_preorder_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=EF37309F-BFDB-46A0-B98C-1D4CF933DE7C
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_index_property_maps_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=8235DE07-BD68-4BE5-AFCB-97024895B7AC
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_index_qgram_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=A38D2A60-A1A2-456A-A715-0036D01D008A
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_index_search2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=0FFF1D4D-E839-4894-9AF7-E45CE1F98E2B
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_index_search_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4CB3939E-7768-405B-A0CA-74AD2E84E85C
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_indices_assignment_1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=6AF6B292-803E-43F6-ABC4-5BFEF8873BAE
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_indices_assignment_2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E5303BCB-5601-4C36-A19E-594BD26E1E18
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_iterator_solution1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=296766B8-B111-4B18-8DB2-DE7B2EC75CD8
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_iterator_solution2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=CE5701D9-552B-4F90-B49A-89B660E32171
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_indexed_fasta_io_solution1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=44DE6F8B-6439-4297-8A82-48D926CD82EA
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_indexed_fasta_io_solution2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=712DD036-7EDC-414E-954D-03C42690293A
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_iterators_iterators_assignment_1_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=0D3A3FE1-10A3-40EF-95AE-1641CDEE29EA
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_iterators_iterators_assignment_2_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4C027477-D31D-4E0D-8BE4-56848E1C1F67
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_iterators_iterators_assignment_3_workshop_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D71CC2E2-BB97-4AB5-A281-587024C888A6
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_iterators_iterators_assignment_4_workshop_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=016F3371-BB48-45C0-AC2D-63F8EA41295C
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_iterators_sequence_iterator_demo_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=CD393FF2-5BA4-4E25-A47A-F8C7840B1AB6
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_lexical_casting_solution1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=33CAF4F4-0DF7-4C18-A2DD-8CB10F2AEFE3
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_mini_bowtie_mini_bowtie_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C4BFBC7C-C2D0-4DC7-A397-AF20EEBF8E2B
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_mini_bowtie_solution1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=0D254470-73AA-428F-89D8-E0C62B865514
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_mini_bowtie_solution2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=8F1F41A1-E83D-41AE-930D-AC065DDF89C0
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_mini_bowtie_solution3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=AF24CF44-AA03-4F69-83AC-3195D3C7628C
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_mini_bowtie_solution4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=2D7A4810-3908-44BD-B1AF-B0BAE9BBCD5A
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_mini_bowtie_solution5_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=91734AB8-2AA5-4BE4-9221-BA05E65628FC
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_parsing_example1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=2E77CC91-CF90-48C2-96B5-1663B10199AA
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_parsing_parse_blastn_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E14CD13E-5528-40D1-8861-F48F78D669BE
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_parsing_parse_gff2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C4ECC4A5-7C4D-46E9-A6D6-016F5AECF780
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_parsing_parse_newick_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=7CAAABF8-7273-4613-A15D-3D72890493A3
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_parsing_reader_double_demo_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C29896A8-E788-48D5-B59C-E22E3C5344E4
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_parsing_reader_single_demo_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=3D573827-1D0C-403A-9B8E-23CB1652ACE6
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_parsing_solution1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=41555417-316C-4043-9372-DF10D697FBAB
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_parsing_solution2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F66A0EA3-8E3B-4A35-AC61-939ED01F690B
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_parsing_solution3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=3A69B22B-CDEC-42D9-A360-8322674A7C2C
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_random_random_examples_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F6F173C7-271D-4D84-95CB-DAD0C9E1E40B
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_read_mapping_minimapper_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=A14A7382-FE49-4D7F-B1F4-0787508D426B
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_rnaseq_genequant_assignment1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=927AA488-E13B-4115-84A1-2C450A8F6D32
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_rnaseq_genequant_assignment2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=694D7396-F04C-497F-AF10-A0EE9C0E3EEF
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_rnaseq_genequant_assignment3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D61A927D-0D19-42C4-BF47-F436FCE9D073
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_rnaseq_genequant_assignment4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=82B36034-D46F-4E4E-8C0B-726B2FCAA9C5
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_rnaseq_genequant_assignment5_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=B445EBDF-D94C-4BC7-82BB-AD374DDDD23C
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_rnaseq_genequant_solution1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=6E46B0A4-052D-40CE-AD76-B17244F8AF29
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_rnaseq_genequant_solution2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=0B197A26-5B10-4A47-A64D-AB8AB105CB7D
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_rnaseq_genequant_solution3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=5BB9D41E-5051-4C53-81DE-B89BC5330A48
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_rnaseq_genequant_solution4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=337C343E-A66E-435D-89A7-A9E741E9FA8D
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_rnaseq_genequant_solution5_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C53BEEC6-273D-4DB4-9B20-A897BF4354E4
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_example1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=8FC0AAED-9048-4E5F-A050-A61087693F81
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_example2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=7DCF4574-D9F4-4BDE-A5EE-C5C00B479606
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_example3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=9E0D11AE-A283-4670-BC89-09B2633AEE30
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_example4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=884EAF15-4E0A-45D9-B197-72B10306ACCE
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_example5_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=383B2BBA-5BD2-4518-BC38-C002DFFC4BC2
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_example6_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E64FB3F5-D800-44B1-AB48-E6F3A02D91DF
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_example7_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E16A4734-71DD-4DAF-BC81-CB878AC869CD
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_example8_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=05F7536F-8D4B-4B4E-AE74-BFAA87808FD2
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_solution1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=AD22A36F-922A-4181-A788-EE17418E4773
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_solution2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=47D5472B-B848-4702-8EF4-6BC479A595B6
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_solution3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=2A90604D-0FDF-4AAE-A581-945E86EC0778
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_solution4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=29C728F1-B51A-4375-B0FB-93D78F888B28
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_solution5_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=DE3657C2-07FA-4255-A902-FB8F174B71F7
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_solution6_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=CEC2A1FA-33BE-48BC-B93E-EE764C79E67B
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_solution7_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1F1E1C70-6C81-45F2-B924-FBB54C334068
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_count_characters_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=7A204AC3-D708-458B-BE5E-CCDB8371A5EC
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_count_generic_characters_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E8A33ADE-0DA7-4E44-9C47-10679E3E6EC5
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_example1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=9566B7FC-90AA-4FF1-8283-A50E684F0A0A
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_example2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D1F4D52D-9FCF-4582-BE1F-18193653E403
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_example3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=9C6D9D62-6A3A-4B67-84B5-4264A589568F
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_example4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=58B74860-41BB-403D-AD27-83029DCBEBAB
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_example5_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=30AC5331-C31F-444D-958B-14AB6A77B2DB
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_example6_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=2E24A8FA-5BFF-438F-91AB-5E6AC73EE084
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_example7_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=19A3CE98-84F2-4948-8FC8-2B668377984A
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_example8_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=3C49C5A3-6090-4496-8A57-E28FF60D7EC2
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_example9_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1B1FFCD7-CCDE-4B00-95C1-0EE6C71E1560
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_solution1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=5D05CFFE-55C9-45A8-BBE1-A744F62F8280
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_solution2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E15BA964-8CAA-46D0-8931-1C3403118943
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_solution3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=69958E20-9429-473A-8E1B-5100D4770600
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_solution4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=2541D4C7-8D18-4E6B-9646-58596D3C56FA
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_solution5_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=692F7162-8DE7-4728-BE97-9981220A5CF5
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_solution6_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=17F0CEF7-8C8D-4D64-9205-FB2DE16CC40D
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_replace_as_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E288401A-7546-4100-9FA9-22DCF40EBF07
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_sequence_all_strings_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=02BA8E2F-6CCC-4905-8A73-E29D94BD1E7E
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_sequence_iterator_demo_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=8AD36CA0-0539-422A-883C-F70AB7CB2741
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequences_in_depth_assignment_exact_generous_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=CA97D6BB-07C9-40AB-A2E2-DB090DBE0831
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequences_lexical_assignment_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=838120D3-E30C-413B-BA9E-5545D1B15552
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequences_segments_assignment_2_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1029D48A-ED9F-4D77-8499-770C88D03BDA
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequences_segments_assignment_hint_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C779EC7A-22BC-4CFB-9229-A77424FE35FB
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequences_segments_assignment_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E99464FB-8808-4857-BEFE-5B7D9DB87CF1
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequences_string_assignment_1_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F18A2310-0B04-41B9-A3A4-5CCD6E439430
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_store_store_access_aligned_reads2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=5476019B-ECCD-43C5-B2CC-4A42251E1E0F
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_store_store_access_aligned_reads_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=144C4263-8D2D-42CC-B86D-C671CA36D916
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_store_store_diplay_aligned_reads_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4673388D-314B-4361-83EE-08B50185C20F
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_stream_lexical_cast_example_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F8E16A61-4E89-4243-A278-3B97B9A34402
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_stream_stream_read2_fastq_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C912972C-E7DB-4337-BFAC-1FA9EACB35E6
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_stream_stream_read_record_auto_format_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=DDF06B9A-A3E6-4A08-B6B8-853D61654AFA
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_stream_stream_read_record_fasta_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C4B28C4F-CAE3-4FF6-99EE-16E552792B5D
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_string_sets_assignment_1_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=DE2DD6FF-6ACD-47B6-9357-A54B893C5073
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_string_sets_assignment_2_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=934B74AF-0107-462A-843C-B38141557FC5
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_string_sets_assignment_3_workshop_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=A8111775-12F8-4369-83A0-E9DB0E855DEA
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_string_sets_assignment_3b_workshop_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1C4979F7-5032-4A43-AF2A-B20F85526F6F
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_string_sets_assignment_4_workshop_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=3F7B6992-02B9-44E3-ADF7-42AA1A13C03E
//Stored GUID
demo_zscore_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4BC1C54B-E2CC-47F9-A69F-369ABDAFD1CE
//Stored GUID
dfi_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=7D3259E5-8B46-471C-8872-5D45C08EE4DC
//Stored GUID
docs_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=34BE4896-AD3E-4FEA-87A1-076F0A479887
//Stored GUID
first_app_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=A7EF0EA9-BC1C-4E04-BFE1-9EB3E46EFEE3
//Stored GUID
insegt_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=B5331AEB-624F-493F-9711-10393AAE7BBA
//Stored GUID
join_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F9E9E73F-5AC0-4F6C-8DCC-5194C262A280
//Stored GUID
masai_indexer_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=76D7E60B-5F84-4AC4-9281-AE06D44E2748
//Stored GUID
masai_mapper_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4CFA7967-BDCF-4CBF-9CD0-AFADE9F6AB11
//Stored GUID
masai_output_pe_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=3B39544B-BE9C-4598-A4A7-7314828D7C9A
//Stored GUID
masai_output_se_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D6BA3F34-32B0-4A45-B413-9EDDCAEFEA7F
//Stored GUID
mason_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=50FD6E8B-F1CE-48D6-921F-04A45B0F45FE
//Stored GUID
micro_razers_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C08031CF-EF36-4AE0-802F-EE566143BFCE
//Stored GUID
pair_align_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1FF42E77-5D99-4772-9953-021A2F997581
//Stored GUID
param_chooser_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=625F5702-1D36-401B-8183-DE84A3EAB93D
//Stored GUID
razers2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4C616B65-4FA4-46EC-B2B8-11D2916FE28C
//Stored GUID
razers3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=868FAD52-6D52-4C41-BFC4-6241AB65E907
//Stored GUID
razers3_quality2prob_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=18DFC127-97D4-49DE-A664-FCF215FEE739
//Stored GUID
razers3_simulate_reads_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E670A6B0-130A-41A7-973A-D1B859AE8490
//Stored GUID
razers_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=89097CE5-D61D-478A-ABDA-3902161F2125
//Stored GUID
rep_sep_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=FBDF36CE-3B38-409D-8D47-22D62AB0E0A7
//Stored GUID
sak_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=FB0F7E82-CAA8-41BC-A274-DC51801BB0F6
//Stored GUID
sak_doc_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1A5F4421-4098-4E3D-82A0-1604C9BA23D4
//Stored GUID
search_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=69BC8B13-3285-4BC3-BBEA-C9A395C37C5B
//Stored GUID
seqan_core_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=A3CA631C-F44A-428D-9E75-16D66BF10CD0
//Stored GUID
seqan_extras_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=34B7C092-CEB1-4D81-9998-E8FAAF24EB88
//Stored GUID
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=FABA68B2-B4C7-4C7F-A273-68290E7E02C8
//Stored GUID
seqan_sua_target_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=EDACB4F1-4D93-48F3-B633-6D2614B3BD3D
//Stored GUID
seqan_tcoffee_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4D059F2E-3866-4A98-B60B-D53B144847DF
//Stored GUID
seqcons_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D8EF3D85-B6E5-469C-8825-D6EDEFB133D7
//Stored GUID
splazers_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=A8D0B783-DA03-4BC2-BC1D-3CDE451D60C3
//Stored GUID
stellar_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=8AF23F7C-F27D-496F-891C-6754582C09F9
//Stored GUID
test_align_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=A380FB4E-F7E4-4656-99E4-5254CD30BF84
//Stored GUID
test_align_split_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C37B30CB-540A-479B-AA45-08C9F58CEA63
//Stored GUID
test_alignment_free_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=CB65DF37-F63E-415A-9F38-DE51D8E184B9
//Stored GUID
test_arg_parse_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=10D59523-A8DA-43BF-B408-E35ED03F2796
//Stored GUID
test_bam_io_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=9E247FD6-79ED-4C4F-8F2D-50FDD89645BF
//Stored GUID
test_basic_aggregate_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=8C0C25FF-4D32-485E-9748-DB3398E1E5B7
//Stored GUID
test_basic_allocator_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1FCD8948-AFBA-40C7-B4C0-664FAC49536D
//Stored GUID
test_basic_alphabet_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=AFC46A3E-5751-496D-814B-8B3F6462AF9C
//Stored GUID
test_basic_concept_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=0CBDA6D9-9EB6-4BA7-872B-EE60658C7A29
//Stored GUID
test_basic_container_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=86BB3E16-381E-48B4-8AC5-D22C24838289
//Stored GUID
test_basic_fundamental_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=6B75E832-4820-4719-8DC7-41D4AC9B7B00
//Stored GUID
test_basic_iterator_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=281DE775-8122-40DC-926F-2F828B6CD77C
//Stored GUID
test_basic_math_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=544BD15C-4F90-4BBD-9E53-D7F76BDBD5AC
//Stored GUID
test_basic_metaprogramming_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=DC525312-3469-4CC2-B734-3535F277A8FD
//Stored GUID
test_basic_parallelism_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=8D2E79E9-9EDE-4CE9-AEF9-E89863FAC954
//Stored GUID
test_basic_proxy_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=36F61E73-3BA6-458D-B74B-84DF2E034464
//Stored GUID
test_basic_smart_pointer_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=EC9384FF-C032-4F73-8B1B-1A36D87B6A08
//Stored GUID
test_consensus_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=DDFCF757-336E-461E-A154-297F53AFD623
//Stored GUID
test_file_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=7C7CD55F-9EF8-41AA-A4E0-2F3CDDAA49B6
//Stored GUID
test_find_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=ADAFCE4E-FBF7-4C32-89A3-F174AAD8352F
//Stored GUID
test_find_motif_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=0BDF9281-AC6F-4A2E-8201-0F251A273F63
//Stored GUID
test_find_swift_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=8EB9FF22-4257-4877-9535-1F05934EA070
//Stored GUID
test_funcs_param_chooser_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1D9FA6A9-141F-494D-980A-782C89D2871F
//Stored GUID
test_gff_io_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D058B365-9DFA-4449-A596-35C85361C4EF
//Stored GUID
test_graph_algorithms_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=0C6FA7F5-FC0C-4D7B-93DD-C82993170EC1
//Stored GUID
test_graph_align_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=EE49D3A9-0F2C-4A8A-A58B-B1CEB537F2F0
//Stored GUID
test_graph_msa_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=8FCAB948-02DA-43D6-BE11-01AFB170223C
//Stored GUID
test_graph_types_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=46363AC9-48EF-4D0C-85AC-6D8D849271F9
//Stored GUID
test_index_creation_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=668A4689-9183-4FE6-AC88-4129A7FEAF30
//Stored GUID
test_index_crosscompare_char_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=933284E9-7683-4F07-AEFD-5F225BFAA875
//Stored GUID
test_index_crosscompare_char_dfi_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F9DB070C-A837-4FC4-B137-0B5B8B411181
//Stored GUID
test_index_crosscompare_dna_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=136A10E2-AFE7-4E30-94D1-5631F2D113AC
//Stored GUID
test_index_crosscompare_dna_dfi_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1C72FA38-6785-47CA-8533-F460B943F604
//Stored GUID
test_index_drawing_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=FD54BFCA-06A2-4513-947C-90C4560E990F
//Stored GUID
test_index_fm_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=63202E8D-396F-4F8D-80C0-3A12A8621056
//Stored GUID
test_index_fm_rank_dictionary_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=475E6C53-261B-446D-87B5-C6ABE6BE997A
//Stored GUID
test_index_qgram_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=28680345-F67F-427E-81E8-3692695AE9EA
//Stored GUID
test_index_repeats_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=6BD139C2-A0F6-4DE8-9705-8AF840F5523F
//Stored GUID
test_index_sa_bwtwalk_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D33BEDBD-CC47-4657-93B0-7F2A2C5046BC
//Stored GUID
test_index_shapes_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=A5098D69-B4AA-4EAD-8B17-7D7579728A8A
//Stored GUID
test_index_stree_iterators_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4E4F062F-81FA-4482-9F5C-70C5F00CA65D
//Stored GUID
test_map_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=77A8909A-0647-4D83-91D1-7A259AC18686
//Stored GUID
test_misc_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=DB9315C5-97AC-44E0-8C07-3C7D01164E6B
//Stored GUID
test_misc_cmdparser_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=5DFEAADF-4392-46B1-B714-883C35763F01
//Stored GUID
test_modifier_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=3C88A916-F825-4A28-8A0F-A195B9227F8C
//Stored GUID
test_multiple_translation_units_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=0C065310-EC9C-41D7-B1A3-E743EEAC3945
//Stored GUID
test_parallel_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C410C73D-EA86-4140-8B30-9ACB0349CF06
//Stored GUID
test_parse_lm_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=316E7671-AD10-45E7-8DD3-4B07A6D98ACF
//Stored GUID
test_pipe_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=AD3A538F-76F9-4E08-993C-C5CD55E6344C
//Stored GUID
test_random_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=784E2276-926E-4F53-9267-1B2C25247E40
//Stored GUID
test_score_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=71353A36-49DD-4014-9293-28B982C43A04
//Stored GUID
test_seeds_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=89C8EA0C-EC4D-464F-B2FA-80A11D48A160
//Stored GUID
test_seq_io_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=DA19746B-A5E5-40D6-B98E-4ABF0AAF260E
//Stored GUID
test_sequence_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=172C1FB5-9867-42F6-94EA-554EB8522DFD
//Stored GUID
test_sequence_journaled_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C09EC588-CA78-481E-BAB8-864744172F69
//Stored GUID
test_statistics_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=09BC0064-1339-4DD3-8398-AA939BE4E6C1
//Stored GUID
test_store_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=DCE69786-24F3-4EC3-B255-CB9881171639
//Stored GUID
test_stream_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=A7BB7F1A-39C0-4E6E-9DB0-FF086CFA7145
//Stored GUID
tree_recon_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=9A665897-DB8B-4294-91B8-6CC4E9BBB4D8
//Stored GUID
variant_comp_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=79632D71-4738-46F7-BADF-B4E781EEBB41

