# This is the CMakeCache file.
# For build in directory: d:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64
# It was generated by CMake: D:/Program Files (x86)/CMake 2.8/bin/cmake.exe
# You can edit this file to change values found and used by cmake.
# If you do not want to change any of the values, simply exit the editor.
# If you do want to change a value, simply edit, save, and exit the editor.
# The syntax for the file is as follows:
# KEY:TYPE=VALUE
# KEY is the name of a variable in the cache.
# TYPE is a hint to GUI's for the type of VALUE, DO NOT EDIT TYPE!.
# VALUE is the current value for the KEY.

########################
# EXTERNAL cache entries
########################

//Path to a file.
BZIP2_INCLUDE_DIR:PATH=C:/seqan-contrib-D20111031-x64/vs10/include

//Path to a library.
BZIP2_LIBRARY:FILEPATH=C:/seqan-contrib-D20111031-x64/vs10/lib/bz2.lib

//Path to a library.
BZIP2_LIBRARY_D:FILEPATH=C:/seqan-contrib-D20111031-x64/vs10/lib/bz2_d.lib

//The directory containing a CMake configuration file for Boost.
Boost_DIR:PATH=Boost_DIR-NOTFOUND

//Path to a file.
Boost_INCLUDE_DIR:PATH=D:/boost/boost_1_51

//Boost library directory
Boost_LIBRARY_DIRS:FILEPATH=D:/boost/boost_1_51/lib

//Boost diagnostic define
Boost_LIB_DIAGNOSTIC_DEFINITIONS:STRING=-DBOOST_LIB_DIAGNOSTIC

//Choose the type of build, options are: Debug Release RelWithDebInfo
// ...
CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE:STRING=Release

//Semicolon separated list of supported configuration types, only
// supports Debug, Release, MinSizeRel, and RelWithDebInfo, anything
// else will be ignored.
CMAKE_CONFIGURATION_TYPES:STRING=Debug;Release;MinSizeRel;RelWithDebInfo

//Flags used by the compiler during all build types.
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS:STRING= /DWIN32 /D_WINDOWS /W3 /Zm1000 /GR /EHsc

//Flags used by the compiler during debug builds.
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_DEBUG:STRING=/D_DEBUG /MDd /Zi /Ob0 /Od /RTC1

//Flags used by the compiler during release minsize builds.
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL:STRING=/MD /O1 /Ob1 /D NDEBUG

//Flags used by the compiler during release builds (/MD /Ob1 /Oi
// /Ot /Oy /Gs will produce slightly less optimized but smaller
// files).
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_RELEASE:STRING=/MD /O2 /Ob2 /D NDEBUG

//Flags used by the compiler during Release with Debug Info builds.
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO:STRING=/MD /Zi /O2 /Ob1 /D NDEBUG

//Libraries linked by defalut with all C++ applications.
CMAKE_CXX_STANDARD_LIBRARIES:STRING=kernel32.lib user32.lib gdi32.lib winspool.lib shell32.lib ole32.lib oleaut32.lib uuid.lib comdlg32.lib advapi32.lib

//Flags used by the compiler during all build types.
CMAKE_C_FLAGS:STRING= /DWIN32 /D_WINDOWS /W3 /Zm1000

//Flags used by the compiler during debug builds.
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_DEBUG:STRING=/D_DEBUG /MDd /Zi /Ob0 /Od /RTC1

//Flags used by the compiler during release minsize builds.
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL:STRING=/MD /O1 /Ob1 /D NDEBUG

//Flags used by the compiler during release builds (/MD /Ob1 /Oi
// /Ot /Oy /Gs will produce slightly less optimized but smaller
// files).
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_RELEASE:STRING=/MD /O2 /Ob2 /D NDEBUG

//Flags used by the compiler during Release with Debug Info builds.
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO:STRING=/MD /Zi /O2 /Ob1 /D NDEBUG

//Libraries linked by defalut with all C applications.
CMAKE_C_STANDARD_LIBRARIES:STRING=kernel32.lib user32.lib gdi32.lib winspool.lib shell32.lib ole32.lib oleaut32.lib uuid.lib comdlg32.lib advapi32.lib

//Flags used by the linker.
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS:STRING=' /STACK:10000000 /machine:x64 '

//Flags used by the linker during debug builds.
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG:STRING=/debug /INCREMENTAL

//Flags used by the linker during release minsize builds.
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL:STRING=/INCREMENTAL:NO

//Flags used by the linker during release builds.
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE:STRING=/INCREMENTAL:NO

//Flags used by the linker during Release with Debug Info builds.
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO:STRING=/debug /INCREMENTAL

//Install path prefix, prepended onto install directories.
CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX:PATH=C:/Program Files/seqan

//Path to a program.
CMAKE_LINKER:FILEPATH=d:/Program Files (x86)/Microsoft Visual Studio 10.0/VC/bin/x86_amd64/link.exe

//make program
CMAKE_MAKE_PROGRAM:FILEPATH=d:/PROGRA~2/MICROS~1.0/Common7/IDE/devenv.com

//Flags used by the linker during the creation of modules.
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS:STRING=' /STACK:10000000 /machine:x64 '

//Flags used by the linker during debug builds.
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG:STRING=/debug /INCREMENTAL

//Flags used by the linker during release minsize builds.
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL:STRING=/INCREMENTAL:NO

//Flags used by the linker during release builds.
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE:STRING=/INCREMENTAL:NO

//Flags used by the linker during Release with Debug Info builds.
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO:STRING=/debug /INCREMENTAL

//Value Computed by CMake
CMAKE_PROJECT_NAME:STATIC=seqan

//RC compiler
CMAKE_RC_COMPILER:FILEPATH=rc

//Flags for Fortran compiler.
CMAKE_RC_FLAGS:STRING=' '

//Flags used by the linker during the creation of dll's.
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS:STRING=' /STACK:10000000 /machine:x64 '

//Flags used by the linker during debug builds.
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG:STRING=/debug /INCREMENTAL

//Flags used by the linker during release minsize builds.
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL:STRING=/INCREMENTAL:NO

//Flags used by the linker during release builds.
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE:STRING=/INCREMENTAL:NO

//Flags used by the linker during Release with Debug Info builds.
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO:STRING=/debug /INCREMENTAL

//If set, runtime paths are not added when installing shared libraries,
// but are added when building.
CMAKE_SKIP_INSTALL_RPATH:BOOL=NO

//If set, runtime paths are not added when using shared libraries.
CMAKE_SKIP_RPATH:BOOL=NO

//If true, cmake will use relative paths in makefiles and projects.
CMAKE_USE_RELATIVE_PATHS:BOOL=OFF

//If this value is on, makefiles will be generated without the
// .SILENT directive, and all commands will be echoed to the console
// during the make.  This is useful for debugging only. With Visual
// Studio IDE projects all commands are done without /nologo.
CMAKE_VERBOSE_MAKEFILE:BOOL=FALSE

//Path to a program.
Java_JAR_EXECUTABLE:FILEPATH=D:/Programme/Java/jdk1.7.0_04/bin/jar.exe

//Path to a program.
Java_JAVAC_EXECUTABLE:FILEPATH=D:/Programme/Java/jdk1.7.0_04/bin/javac.exe

//Path to a program.
Java_JAVADOC_EXECUTABLE:FILEPATH=D:/Programme/Java/jdk1.7.0_04/bin/javadoc.exe

//Path to a program.
Java_JAVAH_EXECUTABLE:FILEPATH=D:/Programme/Java/jdk1.7.0_04/bin/javah.exe

//Path to a program.
Java_JAVA_EXECUTABLE:FILEPATH=D:/Programme/Java/jdk1.7.0_04/bin/java.exe

//Path to a file.
LEMON_INCLUDE_DIR:PATH=LEMON_INCLUDE_DIR-NOTFOUND

//Path to a library.
LEMON_LIBRARY:FILEPATH=LEMON_LIBRARY-NOTFOUND

//LEMON root directory
LEMON_ROOT_DIR:PATH=

//C++ compiler flags for OpenMP parallization
OpenMP_CXX_FLAGS:STRING=/openmp

//C compiler flags for OpenMP parallization
OpenMP_C_FLAGS:STRING=/openmp

//Path to a program.
PYTHON_EXECUTABLE:FILEPATH=C:/Python27/python.exe

//Version of the application.
SEQAN_APP_VERSION:STRING=0.0.0

//Build/Release mode to select. One of DEVELOP SEQAN_RELEASE, APP:${APP_NAME}.
// Defaults to DEVELOP.
SEQAN_BUILD_SYSTEM:STRING=DEVELOP

//Enable new sequence tests.
SEQAN_COMPILE_SEQUENCE_TESTS_V2:BOOL=OFF

//Set to ON to disable memory mapping of the reference genome index.
SEQAN_EXTRAS_MASAI_DISABLE_MMAP:BOOL=OFF

//Set to TRUE to enable nightly app releases.
SEQAN_NIGHTLY_RELEASE:BOOL=FALSE

//Directory containing the generated plugin-sources for the SeqAn
// Workflow/KNIME package
WORKFLOW_PLUGIN_DIR:PATH=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/workflow_plugin_dir

//Path to a file.
ZLIB_INCLUDE_DIR:PATH=C:/seqan-contrib-D20111031-x64/vs10/include

//Path to a library.
ZLIB_LIBRARY:FILEPATH=C:/seqan-contrib-D20111031-x64/vs10/lib/zlib.lib

//Path to a library.
ZLIB_LIBRARY_D:FILEPATH=C:/seqan-contrib-D20111031-x64/vs10/lib/zlib_d.lib

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_dfi_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/core/apps/dfi

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_dfi_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/core/apps/dfi

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_mason_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/core/apps/mason

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_mason_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/core/apps/mason

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_micro_razers_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/core/apps/micro_razers

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_micro_razers_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/core/apps/micro_razers

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_pair_align_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/core/apps/pair_align

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_pair_align_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/core/apps/pair_align

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_rabema_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/core/apps/rabema

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_rabema_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/core/apps/rabema

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_razers2_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/core/apps/razers2

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_razers2_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/core/apps/razers2

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_razers_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/core/apps/razers

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_razers_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/core/apps/razers

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_sak_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/core/apps/sak

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_sak_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/core/apps/sak

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_seqan_tcoffee_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/core/apps/seqan_tcoffee

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_seqan_tcoffee_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/core/apps/seqan_tcoffee

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_seqcons_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/core/apps/seqcons

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_seqcons_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/core/apps/seqcons

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_snp_store_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/core/apps/snp_store

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_snp_store_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/core/apps/snp_store

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_splazers_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/core/apps/splazers

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_splazers_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/core/apps/splazers

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_stellar_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/core/apps/stellar

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_stellar_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/core/apps/stellar

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_tree_recon_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/core/apps/tree_recon

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_tree_recon_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/core/apps/tree_recon

//Value Computed by CMake
extras__apps_gustaf_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/extras/apps/gustaf

//Value Computed by CMake
extras__apps_gustaf_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/extras/apps/gustaf

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_alf_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/extras/apps/alf

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_alf_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/extras/apps/alf

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_breakpoint_calculator_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/extras/apps/breakpoint_calculator

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_breakpoint_calculator_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/extras/apps/breakpoint_calculator

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_insegt_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/extras/apps/insegt

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_insegt_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/extras/apps/insegt

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_masai_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/extras/apps/masai

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_masai_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/extras/apps/masai

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_param_chooser_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/extras/apps/param_chooser

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_param_chooser_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/extras/apps/param_chooser

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_razers3_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/extras/apps/razers3

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_razers3_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/extras/apps/razers3

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_rep_sep_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/extras/apps/rep_sep

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_rep_sep_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/extras/apps/rep_sep

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_sgip_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/extras/apps/sgip

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_sgip_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/extras/apps/sgip

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_variant_comp_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/extras/apps/variant_comp

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_variant_comp_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/extras/apps/variant_comp

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/core

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/core

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_apps_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/core/apps

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_apps_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/core/apps

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_demos_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/core/demos

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_demos_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/core/demos

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/core/tests

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_align_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/core/tests/align

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_align_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/align

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_arg_parse_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/core/tests/arg_parse

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_arg_parse_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/arg_parse

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_bam_io_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/core/tests/bam_io

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_bam_io_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/bam_io

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_basic_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/core/tests/basic

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_basic_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/basic

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_consensus_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/core/tests/consensus

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_consensus_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/consensus

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_file_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/core/tests/file

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_file_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/file

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_find_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/core/tests/find

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_find_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/find

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_find_swift_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/core/tests/swift_local

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_find_swift_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/swift_local

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_gff_io_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/core/tests/gff_io

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_gff_io_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/gff_io

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_graph_algorithms_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/core/tests/graph_algorithms

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_graph_algorithms_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/graph_algorithms

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_graph_align_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/core/tests/graph_align

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_graph_align_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/graph_align

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_graph_msa_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/core/tests/graph_msa

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_graph_msa_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/graph_msa

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_graph_types_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/core/tests/graph_types

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_graph_types_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/graph_types

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_index_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/core/tests/index

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_index_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/index

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_map_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/core/tests/map

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_map_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/map

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_misc_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/core/tests/misc

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_misc_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/misc

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_modifier_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/core/tests/modifier

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_modifier_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/modifier

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_parallel_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/core/tests/parallel

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_parallel_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/parallel

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_pipe_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/core/tests/pipe

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_pipe_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/pipe

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_random_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/core/tests/random

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_random_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/random

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_score_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/core/tests/score

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_score_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/score

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_seeds_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/core/tests/seeds

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_seeds_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/seeds

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_seq_io_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/core/tests/seq_io

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_seq_io_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/seq_io

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_sequence_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/core/tests/sequence

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_sequence_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/sequence

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_sequence_journaled_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/core/tests/sequence_journaled

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_sequence_journaled_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/sequence_journaled

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_store_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/core/tests/store

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_store_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/store

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_stream_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/core/tests/stream

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_stream_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/stream

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_docs_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/docs

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_docs_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/docs

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/extras

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/extras

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_apps_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/extras/apps

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_apps_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/extras/apps

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_apps_searchjoin_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/extras/apps/searchjoin

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_apps_searchjoin_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/extras/apps/searchjoin

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_demos_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/extras/demos

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_demos_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/extras/demos

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/extras/tests

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/extras/tests

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_align_split_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/extras/tests/align_split

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_align_split_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/extras/tests/align_split

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_alignment_free_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/extras/tests/alignment_free

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_alignment_free_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/extras/tests/alignment_free

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_bed_io_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/extras/tests/bed_io

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_bed_io_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/extras/tests/bed_io

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_find_motif_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/extras/tests/find_motif

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_find_motif_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/extras/tests/find_motif

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_multiple_translation_units_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/extras/tests/multiple_translation_units

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_multiple_translation_units_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/extras/tests/multiple_translation_units

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_parse_lm_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/extras/tests/parse_lm

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_parse_lm_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/extras/tests/parse_lm

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_statistics_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/extras/tests/statistics

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_statistics_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/extras/tests/statistics

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_vcf_io_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/extras/tests/vcf_io

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_vcf_io_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/extras/tests/vcf_io

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/sandbox

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/sandbox

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_group3_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/sandbox/my_sandbox

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_group3_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/sandbox/my_sandbox

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_group3_apps_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_group3_apps_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_group3_apps_adapterStat_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/adapterStat

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_group3_apps_adapterStat_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/adapterStat

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_group3_demos_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/sandbox/my_sandbox/demos

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_group3_demos_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/sandbox/my_sandbox/demos

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_group3_tests_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/sandbox/my_sandbox/tests

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_group3_tests_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/sandbox/my_sandbox/tests

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_SeqDPT_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/SeqDPT

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_SeqDPT_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/SeqDPT

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_test_app_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/test_app

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_test_app_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/test_app


########################
# INTERNAL cache entries
########################

//Stored GUID
ALL_BUILD_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=20C28E9B-42FA-463B-83CE-8D012BA4ECB4
//ADVANCED property for variable: BZIP2_INCLUDE_DIR
BZIP2_INCLUDE_DIR-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//Have library C:/seqan-contrib-D20111031-x64/vs10/lib/bz2.lib
BZIP2_NEED_PREFIX:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: Boost_INCLUDE_DIR
Boost_INCLUDE_DIR-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: Boost_LIBRARY_DIRS
Boost_LIBRARY_DIRS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//The library version string for boost libraries
Boost_LIB_VERSION:INTERNAL=1_51
//The version number for boost libraries
Boost_VERSION:INTERNAL=105100
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_BUILD_TOOL
CMAKE_BUILD_TOOL-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//What is the target build tool cmake is generating for.
CMAKE_BUILD_TOOL:INTERNAL=d:/PROGRA~2/MICROS~1.0/Common7/IDE/devenv.com
//This is the directory where this CMakeCache.txt was created
CMAKE_CACHEFILE_DIR:INTERNAL=d:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk-build/Vs10Win64
//Major version of cmake used to create the current loaded cache
CMAKE_CACHE_MAJOR_VERSION:INTERNAL=2
//Minor version of cmake used to create the current loaded cache
CMAKE_CACHE_MINOR_VERSION:INTERNAL=8
//Patch version of cmake used to create the current loaded cache
CMAKE_CACHE_PATCH_VERSION:INTERNAL=10
//Path to CMake executable.
CMAKE_COMMAND:INTERNAL=D:/Program Files (x86)/CMake 2.8/bin/cmake.exe
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_CONFIGURATION_TYPES
CMAKE_CONFIGURATION_TYPES-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//Path to cpack program executable.
CMAKE_CPACK_COMMAND:INTERNAL=D:/Program Files (x86)/CMake 2.8/bin/cpack.exe
//Path to ctest program executable.
CMAKE_CTEST_COMMAND:INTERNAL=D:/Program Files (x86)/CMake 2.8/bin/ctest.exe
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_DEBUG
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_DEBUG-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_RELEASE
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_RELEASE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_CXX_STANDARD_LIBRARIES
CMAKE_CXX_STANDARD_LIBRARIES-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_C_FLAGS
CMAKE_C_FLAGS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_C_FLAGS_DEBUG
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_DEBUG-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_C_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_C_FLAGS_RELEASE
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_RELEASE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_C_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_C_STANDARD_LIBRARIES
CMAKE_C_STANDARD_LIBRARIES-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//Path to cache edit program executable.
CMAKE_EDIT_COMMAND:INTERNAL=D:/Program Files (x86)/CMake 2.8/bin/cmake-gui.exe
//Executable file format
CMAKE_EXECUTABLE_FORMAT:INTERNAL=Unknown
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//Name of generator.
CMAKE_GENERATOR:INTERNAL=Visual Studio 10 Win64
//Start directory with the top level CMakeLists.txt file for this
// project
CMAKE_HOME_DIRECTORY:INTERNAL=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_LINKER
CMAKE_LINKER-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_MAKE_PROGRAM
CMAKE_MAKE_PROGRAM-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//number of local generators
CMAKE_NUMBER_OF_LOCAL_GENERATORS:INTERNAL=77
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_RC_COMPILER
CMAKE_RC_COMPILER-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
CMAKE_RC_COMPILER_WORKS:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_RC_FLAGS
CMAKE_RC_FLAGS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//Path to CMake installation.
CMAKE_ROOT:INTERNAL=D:/Program Files (x86)/CMake 2.8/share/cmake-2.8
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_SKIP_INSTALL_RPATH
CMAKE_SKIP_INSTALL_RPATH-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_SKIP_RPATH
CMAKE_SKIP_RPATH-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_USE_RELATIVE_PATHS
CMAKE_USE_RELATIVE_PATHS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_VERBOSE_MAKEFILE
CMAKE_VERBOSE_MAKEFILE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//Details about finding Java
FIND_PACKAGE_MESSAGE_DETAILS_Java:INTERNAL=[D:/Programme/Java/jdk1.7.0_04/bin/java.exe][D:/Programme/Java/jdk1.7.0_04/bin/jar.exe][D:/Programme/Java/jdk1.7.0_04/bin/javac.exe][D:/Programme/Java/jdk1.7.0_04/bin/javah.exe][D:/Programme/Java/jdk1.7.0_04/bin/javadoc.exe][v1.7.0.04()]
//Details about finding PythonInterp
FIND_PACKAGE_MESSAGE_DETAILS_PythonInterp:INTERNAL=[C:/Python27/python.exe][v2.7.3()]
//Stored GUID
INSTALL_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=AB90B66C-F813-4AFF-B33A-DDB1392F341B
//ADVANCED property for variable: Java_JAR_EXECUTABLE
Java_JAR_EXECUTABLE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: Java_JAVAC_EXECUTABLE
Java_JAVAC_EXECUTABLE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: Java_JAVADOC_EXECUTABLE
Java_JAVADOC_EXECUTABLE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: Java_JAVAH_EXECUTABLE
Java_JAVAH_EXECUTABLE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: Java_JAVA_EXECUTABLE
Java_JAVA_EXECUTABLE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: LEMON_INCLUDE_DIR
LEMON_INCLUDE_DIR-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: LEMON_LIBRARY
LEMON_LIBRARY-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: OpenMP_CXX_FLAGS
OpenMP_CXX_FLAGS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: OpenMP_C_FLAGS
OpenMP_C_FLAGS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//Test OpenMP_FLAG_DETECTED
OpenMP_FLAG_DETECTED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: PYTHON_EXECUTABLE
PYTHON_EXECUTABLE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//Stored GUID
RUN_TESTS_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=BD440D44-C1D6-4B05-A3AB-9831664A749C
//Used legacy build system.
SEQAN_BUILD_SYSTEM_LEGACY:INTERNAL=OFF
SEQAN_CTD_EXECUTABLES:INTERNAL=dfi;pair_align;rabema_prepare_sam;rabema_build_gold_standard;rabema_evaluate;razers;razers2;sak;seqan_tcoffee;seqcons;stellar;tree_recon;alf;insegt;masai_indexer;masai_mapper;masai_output_se;masai_output_pe;razers3
//Root source directory.
SEQAN_ROOT_SOURCE_DIR:INTERNAL=D:/SeqAn/Development/seqan-trunk
//Whether or not to expect the SeqAn build system with core/extras
// structure.
SEQAN_USE_SEQAN_BUILD_SYSTEM:INTERNAL=TRUE
//SeqAn major version.
SEQAN_VERSION_MAJOR:INTERNAL=1
//SeqAn minor version.
SEQAN_VERSION_MINOR:INTERNAL=4
//SeqAn patch version.
SEQAN_VERSION_PATCH:INTERNAL=0
//Whether version is a pre-release version version.
SEQAN_VERSION_PRE_RELEASE:INTERNAL=0
//SeqAn version string.
SEQAN_VERSION_STRING:INTERNAL=1.4.0
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_CMake Rules_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C00242F9-CA62-4F32-A027-2F0E54448C88
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_Header Files_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=6C4967FC-30E2-423C-A901-E376C0CD3219
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_Object Files_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=A26D6152-FE1C-4F83-967E-BA179FA9B3D2
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_Resources_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C95AA1DE-5B89-4690-A5E4-FA7D309BADDF
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_Source Files_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=02043BE4-FF9B-4D76-97EB-9125BB947C51
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\align_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=B3162CD0-209C-4C97-9120-402057005E23
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\align_split_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=73F73591-70EE-4584-AF4F-EDEA4805434B
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\alignment_free_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=8675C1DA-E520-452F-8C9E-52621F9BA7B0
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\arg_parse_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=880CD0AE-64BB-44BE-8EC0-B4B0D1960A60
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\bam_io_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=34DA7957-BA71-44AD-B86C-73EE1A2DD95C
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\basic_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=995099B2-1E67-45F4-9F5A-9B83E9E51BBD
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\bed_io_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=ED093537-D0A9-4574-AC47-D5F19C2F0171
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\consensus_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=09937819-AF92-45AD-9BF0-1F51208DE6EC
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\file_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=880223CF-7A6E-40CF-AF37-2777381A30C4
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\find_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=3AD41441-20F8-40BD-A593-A755E6467285
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\find_motif_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=7914D71E-B02C-4225-A3E4-2636E1D74B49
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\gff_io_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=AFA6E718-40D9-4F70-91E1-D2303B9AAE87
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\graph_algorithms_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=25E66976-40CF-4948-BD76-25786634CD54
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\graph_align_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=B1579E44-78E8-40F2-ABFF-EE44A5ABCE03
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\graph_msa_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=3F8265D3-D101-4A71-9B14-49837D66CB43
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\graph_types_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=DCEB074C-4667-40CC-A621-FEFB12A5E5F2
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\index_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4740D9B2-F7F1-43D8-96E5-620CA98AEA1F
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\journaled_set_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=DB50D17B-A591-4116-BB18-99B4A1DE95EF
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\map_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F3BEE961-D469-4E13-A740-C4098CE8696B
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\math_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F258BDF5-1920-4906-AB18-53EAA378D9E7
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\misc_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=24D1CBF7-423A-4720-8391-935E00B0C1E1
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\modifier_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C19E5A1F-9AF5-4294-A093-45F5314167D1
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\parallel_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1B15E432-58A6-45C4-A7FA-BA36DC6BFAB5
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\parse_lm_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=30B3DBCB-58BE-4EE5-B43A-8A195DDC8974
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\pipe_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=EB62E255-3672-417D-B4C2-D885E77EBFEB
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\platform_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=61A94E20-5CCF-461E-87EB-DA78BD4A4C75
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\random_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=67B1F7C5-D19C-4857-B7B8-A2C96FA9BE3A
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\score_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=01A4CC96-7C08-4302-9C7B-8C7F99FFC82C
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\seeds_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=ED699CE2-53A5-477C-AC69-CFA9FA8AC133
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\seq_io_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=DB80D6D1-DBB4-4AEB-B09D-BBC5EBB50E76
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\sequence_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=7DF89CBE-CFFB-4DEA-BF3C-D62E7555B5FC
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\sequence_journaled_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=A32CCBB9-3C20-4A7B-80B8-61C930E714AF
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\statistics_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=5B714AA5-F4A7-42EF-BB86-BC1D5AC24625
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\store_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=88089D76-FE26-4329-8BF4-2104D3E7C0A2
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\stream_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E47E1E51-D16D-42EA-B66C-1B198E978DE1
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\system_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=9CBCDC71-F577-431E-ABDC-769AC7496451
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\vcf_io_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D34D3D3A-B5A9-4F32-8CDC-BBD7F757A230
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=3C464707-AF73-4572-B846-CFA9F8F88100
//Stored GUID
SeqDPT_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F3629540-A5F1-4A07-9338-AEFDF6D0AD97
//Stored GUID
ZERO_CHECK_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4A0C9BFD-B46F-4CCD-A8CE-58F8EED5EB86
//ADVANCED property for variable: ZLIB_INCLUDE_DIR
ZLIB_INCLUDE_DIR-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: ZLIB_LIBRARY
ZLIB_LIBRARY-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//Result of TRY_COMPILE
_SEQAN_COMPILE_RESULT:INTERNAL=TRUE
//ADVANCED property for variable: _SEQAN_HAVE_EXECINFO
_SEQAN_HAVE_EXECINFO-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//Have includes execinfo.h
_SEQAN_HAVE_EXECINFO:INTERNAL=
//Result of TRY_RUN
_SEQAN_RUN_RESULT:INTERNAL=0
//Stored GUID
adapterStat_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=918F5AAD-D2FF-4ECE-ABE4-B183281FE8D0
//Stored GUID
adapter_test_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1B0C2F4A-43CA-432D-AB27-7DF451562F65
//Stored GUID
alf_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=EB680B32-9096-43B5-B9B5-DCE0DD22CC9F
//Stored GUID
demo_align_gaps_clipping_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=73804448-4914-48B9-8FCB-E8560733CA3F
//Stored GUID
demo_alignment_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=17C85DBB-1B88-48D7-BE13-76B75F791C36
//Stored GUID
demo_alignment_local_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=044043D2-42AC-4A85-86E7-2972A09DD3C2
//Stored GUID
demo_alignment_msa_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=CEAC0993-5DF7-4E34-8DD2-83833C745ECA
//Stored GUID
demo_allocator_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F2F20C55-C272-42EA-853C-FD1E87E95F64
//Stored GUID
demo_alphabet_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=21E867F5-A801-4B21-B031-B6EF9B65011F
//Stored GUID
demo_annotation_converter_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=371858B8-B8E9-4235-85B9-30CCDBA9B76E
//Stored GUID
demo_arg_align_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=839C8CB1-2870-43F9-A4AA-C6217B6287C8
//Stored GUID
demo_arg_parse_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=EADD8EDA-148A-4D77-8CE9-373643F386B2
//Stored GUID
demo_bam_library_size_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=A13777F3-7F3C-4A53-85D2-625765816326
//Stored GUID
demo_bam_print_alignments_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C94334B9-B20B-4218-ACCC-9E9DBCB6F042
//Stored GUID
demo_bam_stats_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=8590BC12-C739-4CB2-983A-EC4F29CB4742
//Stored GUID
demo_bamutil_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=5EAEA202-5CB3-400B-BF6E-26A4E67FE5C3
//Stored GUID
demo_benchmark_stream_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=78EBA304-F8F0-44BB-826F-99665DC89C91
//Stored GUID
demo_benchmark_stream_write_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=46E29E8C-8BC3-4C2E-AD30-7AC3E6FE9C18
//Stored GUID
demo_enumerate_strings_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F34C8B9B-FFD6-4FAA-BD70-C71FDBE36D0A
//Stored GUID
demo_example_seq_io_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F6E921B6-C20C-4091-8EAC-86E4605BAB56
//Stored GUID
demo_file_format_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=24BDF039-169F-4FCB-89C0-292EDC38F635
//Stored GUID
demo_file_readwrite_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=808F9D06-E50A-4A25-85EA-346754953C41
//Stored GUID
demo_file_speed_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=669FBB27-28C3-47EB-A5A4-03635B836A01
//Stored GUID
demo_filter_sam_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=B50D3CB7-F44B-44CC-8DFC-0EDBB24A9191
//Stored GUID
demo_find_approx_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D576D18D-C246-4F94-BD74-4BC81BF29A26
//Stored GUID
demo_find_exact_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=5C03565E-74CE-415C-BA01-1990ABB5093A
//Stored GUID
demo_find_motif_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=A4933903-8434-4CCC-93FF-E1ABDA1C69B6
//Stored GUID
demo_find_wild_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=FD04DD98-B931-41CE-8BE5-A35C75A5F952
//Stored GUID
demo_gff2gtf_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=3F1DA647-BBBC-4BFC-A65C-B802811F3661
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_bfs_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=7D00C447-C77B-488A-85FF-BDD24674863F
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_dfs_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F6089C65-5963-4615-B748-B51AA236ECC5
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_flow_fordfulkerson_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4F098947-A2E5-46A0-A5AE-AD907DBE52DC
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_his_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F822AFA5-40F2-4036-B598-7A65C1A79DC0
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_lcs_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=074A3CC5-0B93-469A-8F60-A3F01E1C1D33
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_lis_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=DFA67F7B-5BF7-439E-9671-FAE05EA2BBC7
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_path_allpairs_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=2F7DF055-75D4-4F92-ADC4-0DB0A0FF04BD
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_path_bellmanford_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=39837365-EC35-4E23-BFC2-35CD870BF288
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_path_dag_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=47D76454-3575-4675-839F-EAF74F8B20A7
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_path_dijkstra_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=13FEC123-329D-4186-9FDC-71C78DFD2300
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_path_floydwarshall_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=7F8C047A-1499-4620-BEF3-12A3854878D7
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_path_transitive_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=DD325761-F81E-4743-91A6-D76C9E66B566
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_scc_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F218F90C-BDE4-4C39-90BA-88A28F192314
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_topsort_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=B0229EEF-717E-4B97-A78C-FB7BF053E2C6
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_tree_kruskal_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C0DA9917-51EE-489C-A951-F534C571A852
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_tree_prim_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=7CE41745-F472-44AE-B21B-620DB5B41C02
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_hmm_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=9F186658-4035-4630-8163-AA3ED75C788A
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_hmm_silent_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=617F30C5-D3EF-43DC-9222-85E3553796FE
//Stored GUID
demo_howto_clip_alignments_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C705337D-C037-4F6B-A6DE-9153928DAE6B
//Stored GUID
demo_howto_cmdparser_example_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=0E63442E-3E9F-4350-A5E2-41ED17AC4DB3
//Stored GUID
demo_howto_efficiently_import_sequences_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D27C7E82-5B5A-45C7-84F9-1D6DC4EE284B
//Stored GUID
demo_howto_filter_similar_sequences_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=2627B5AD-1C08-4005-B182-8DE0CD95E4F0
//Stored GUID
demo_howto_scores_init_score_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=14E6A26A-1390-43CC-AA13-145F69A6C336
//Stored GUID
demo_howto_scores_load_score_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=6A28BF92-2EEB-4621-AD02-C488E3432836
//Stored GUID
demo_index_counting_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=57986240-0A61-4D80-8880-06A906F60211
//Stored GUID
demo_index_find_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=0A476E8C-900C-40F4-924A-A06787AE9154
//Stored GUID
demo_index_find_stringset_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=B1B8EA23-E0F0-4C10-B2FF-6F942322689E
//Stored GUID
demo_index_lcp_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=42F7B8A8-935C-4121-8499-8F0FE7E59944
//Stored GUID
demo_index_maxrepeats_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=B766362E-DBE0-4969-9DBB-42D36FF92C69
//Stored GUID
demo_index_mummy_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=FD568AD9-9A37-4950-993C-466FC67AE03E
//Stored GUID
demo_index_mums_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=213A8B7E-2286-43EB-B86F-82D3908851ED
//Stored GUID
demo_index_node_predicate_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=3375A580-87D3-4DF3-B7D8-B03DD40B2C37
//Stored GUID
demo_index_qgram_counts_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=EB0EB8FC-2E08-4A07-A313-A9EBC208809C
//Stored GUID
demo_index_sufarray_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=97066622-31ED-4815-B655-7B6F62703AB0
//Stored GUID
demo_index_supermaxrepeats_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4F119A40-D4D0-46E8-A9B4-7BCE1C695A6A
//Stored GUID
demo_interval_tree_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=873A294D-C74C-43A5-B911-B4CB73A92826
//Stored GUID
demo_iterator_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=19C896FB-3602-4EA3-8DA2-132D1BBDB995
//Stored GUID
demo_modifier_modreverse_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=CDAB657E-0D82-4C20-829F-4D4185530A1D
//Stored GUID
demo_modifier_modview_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=89CFB950-782D-4CD6-8CB0-C827E75E39F8
//Stored GUID
demo_modifier_nested_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=A688E3D9-1B80-4169-8FEC-E3CA415B857E
//Stored GUID
demo_parse_lm_stellar_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E4B845D8-6700-4FC7-82B6-859DB4D43D29
//Stored GUID
demo_pipe_sort_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F5FFE539-7C65-4353-8792-90C924BFFEE5
//Stored GUID
demo_repeats_demo_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=A73B897B-8CD2-476B-8F13-5F9DFF00E86A
//Stored GUID
demo_rooted_iterator_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=0869AFCD-5500-4545-8D9B-14FB9077A4FF
//Stored GUID
demo_sam2svg_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=0A951753-E807-4943-9DF3-5223A62F8A3A
//Stored GUID
demo_sample_seqs_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C81EC26A-7EC3-41A6-89C3-779F50C7BBF9
//Stored GUID
demo_seeds_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4F02936D-368C-494F-BFC3-66D1FF06B1EF
//Stored GUID
demo_segmentalignment_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=FEDA0202-F5B4-4E10-8DAA-C45B3A9CFC03
//Stored GUID
demo_sequence_length_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=CA1A4C48-AC87-4344-BACE-68FF9390C254
//Stored GUID
demo_sequence_segment_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=5D143968-C650-46FB-B17B-2005AF2CD6B9
//Stored GUID
demo_sequence_string_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=9485D952-D837-4024-83C5-96F4A72AEFEB
//Stored GUID
demo_soft_to_hard_masking_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=91D78A4F-58E2-43F8-B42B-9F1A43BE231B
//Stored GUID
demo_stream_read_fastq_gz_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1E8714FE-5985-49A2-9C9B-7CD22AE41B9D
//Stored GUID
demo_template_subclassing_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=0AEC26FE-CC00-4F3F-B35A-9A9EDD2E1DA2
//Stored GUID
demo_terminal_demo_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=AD67AEAD-E6E6-40E1-A3A6-4965C832A50B
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment2_align_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=7B08DA0A-43F7-45AC-9981-32070B58EE90
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_align_assignment1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4A447380-0C58-4F2F-882F-3BCDA9D235FA
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_banded_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E9613D43-CD86-4FC6-9601-AF61C5F28BCF
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_gaps_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E2033AC5-1A73-49DD-A459-6EB3DA33D0EA
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_global_assignment1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E3A6FA77-EE08-417C-8F87-59D2108D565C
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_global_assignment2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=810B38A2-C1D6-4B5A-9E3A-89A004822B3B
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_global_assignment3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=AD07E810-1793-4DBF-BA33-576156DAEF38
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_global_assignment4_part1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=8257AA4E-9871-4F81-B42F-E0E8E335CCD2
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_global_assignment4_part2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=3B07D762-430E-4767-A89E-D7608A0E2429
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_global_overlap_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=04B5D26D-5C27-4B72-BAD3-818C6764BCAD
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_global_specialised_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F96764C5-73F8-4EDC-B3C3-BCD75C1CD7BE
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_global_standard_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=130BCA7B-3A1A-4AFB-81F3-710092681977
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_local_standard_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=9E583C61-A84E-4855-B439-360562D52523
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_local_waterman_eggert_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=3140F526-0151-48AC-9A0C-50F98F3E80AC
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_msa_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=7D3693ED-FBDB-498C-8AF1-B81329EDB713
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_msa_assignment1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=807605BB-3931-48FD-BCF9-0BB526A7284A
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_pairwise_global2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C8FC1F5C-0E00-40B6-8C22-3944EB555B57
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_pairwise_global_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=02724802-B37E-4805-9546-064556D384F9
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_pairwise_global_assignment1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=9A76D1EF-6049-4475-9E94-266633CC30A5
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_pairwise_global_assignment2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=7B38119F-35F4-4372-B318-4A735AED335C
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_pairwise_local_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E6C22263-0B00-4181-B662-E8108888BA5F
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_pairwise_local_assignment1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=20F31550-EB35-4ABB-894A-183B1EF01F71
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_representation_alignment_graph_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=167857D6-46D6-40DD-B506-ED6491F0D937
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_representation_alignment_graph_assignment1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C149E22C-335E-4239-B857-7F0A8C96F993
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_pairwise_sequence_alignment_assignment5_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=AF49ECD4-A20D-43DC-BB38-3708A32D7476
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_pairwise_sequence_alignment_assignment5_step1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=30898100-849B-42A2-80EB-C8983E21B03F
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_pairwise_sequence_alignment_assignment5_step2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D41EE35C-3423-4C25-AB1F-075C1245D9CC
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_pairwise_sequence_alignment_assignment5_step3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=722A7DB6-8988-4419-9E8E-BCC53CAFCC94
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_pairwise_sequence_alignment_assignment5_step4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C10252C4-5748-4A92-8CF3-63D46DBFA0FE
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_pairwise_sequence_alignment_assignment5_step5_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D0F48954-9017-4EF5-8876-5140C2C082BA
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_pairwise_sequence_alignment_assignment5_step6_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=56F818CB-0A63-4FB9-BFDD-F443CAC08B44
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alphabets_alphabet_assignment_1_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=DB4562FF-6B81-485F-AB63-ADF57C6CC438
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_annotation_store_assignment_1_hint_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=6B237288-A704-4354-AFFF-23E221F32664
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_annotation_store_assignment_1_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=6E454AEC-3578-470E-8AE2-E318BD46A033
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_annotation_store_assignment_2_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=157DF51C-C239-46EB-B817-A409CBA4748A
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_annotation_store_assignment_3_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1EE1A3EA-E401-4793-AB23-18517CB3CFF0
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_annotation_store_assignment_4_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=CC7F18E6-B717-4C6C-A89A-D8504EB5A685
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_bam_io_example1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=BD9705FB-41B1-4C47-AE71-F4C2F5315C63
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_bam_io_example2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=3FC18E1F-DC52-480A-86EE-047A5724FE3D
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_bam_io_example3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=890104C7-0578-4C06-BC9E-FC7E98239920
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_bam_io_example4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=40F125E6-1FB1-42A9-BB41-593213BE432A
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_bam_io_example5_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=3596AF9B-D6FB-471A-9CE2-C963BD8B9BE9
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_bam_io_example6_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C6FD3960-7637-4155-9FD6-639459AB0EF8
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_bam_io_example7_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=41C8F1B6-7D83-4B6F-96A0-DC44CFF7AB88
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_bam_io_solution1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=73553517-495C-4C5B-8EA8-B57BB3BBD599
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_bam_io_solution2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=9B93600C-7F37-4424-85AE-B766FEA97BEC
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_bam_io_solution3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=47C0F894-7264-412E-8B0C-A261DC9FD715
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sam_bam_io_example1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=52300641-7EC7-4EC2-8E96-DB52B56AE588
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sam_bam_io_example2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=075DD39C-B606-41CC-831A-04EDC9567B82
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sam_bam_io_example3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=3487AD46-100A-4F7F-93ED-F12A0FD7F7DF
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sam_bam_io_solution1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=274B8CFB-B396-4C6C-A164-2019F127DF73
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sam_bam_io_solution2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4C004BFE-F6DC-4283-9E3D-C172814E066B
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sam_bam_io_solution3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=DB988763-E303-474D-A479-AC3F3BD61FAB
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sam_bam_io_solution4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1404271C-D1B8-4A45-8076-098E54EDE8D0
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sequence_io_example1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1808460E-B1B7-4808-AC3E-B8FFD76A253A
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sequence_io_example2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=9F1D00ED-7E2E-4EC0-8FE3-38624C07A540
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sequence_io_example3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=BCF8ED92-D753-4EB3-90FC-78BBBF125D18
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sequence_io_solution1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1016FD10-8B94-4DA6-A5BD-68293074D9E2
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sequence_io_solution2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D46A5E57-137D-4B33-A37D-B19C5984BA07
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sequence_io_solution3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=291D612F-2D07-44EE-9778-DFCEC24EE809
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sequence_io_solution4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F21F1FDA-15A6-4B29-8E3C-C796BEBC76B3
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sequence_io_solution5_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=0973A503-597E-49F9-A0FE-849C636712EA
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sequence_io_solution6_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C885E7B9-F058-4F24-A4C6-2F8FCAB60C28
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basics_allocator_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=632C5FB5-BA19-4F6F-B40B-BE2C3BA0DCFA
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basics_show_alphabets_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=8CF9573F-52B7-4E62-91CC-C3A0554B15D4
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basics_strings_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F2EE8478-42BB-47DA-B2D6-4CFA09B19826
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basics_swap_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=7B9B574C-042C-458C-B47D-F2BC3303DD15
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_data_journaling_example_join_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=A6A24864-5F27-47C8-AD22-16016BAB2D45
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_data_journaling_example_journal_string_basic_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=BC529C5B-6B2E-44E3-BC4F-3B2D2FAC49C2
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_data_journaling_example_online_search_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=82F76155-4C23-4433-954C-E5A7DE74DD3E
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_data_journaling_example_online_search_assignment1_hint_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=7F38875E-EB3F-41E4-8942-EADEA1C32647
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_data_journaling_example_online_search_assignment2_hint_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=230A6519-6F5F-47F5-BDB7-FFB0C0B3C139
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_data_journaling_example_online_search_assignment3_hint_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=AC6AB40C-B407-4D4E-9DF0-A7B86248773C
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_data_journaling_example_online_search_assignment4_hint_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=0C6BDDB0-360F-4F0E-AFB4-03AADCF86ECB
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_data_journaling_solution_online_search_assignment1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=AFC3E1AF-2B9C-4688-B86A-5A5EA760D206
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_data_journaling_solution_online_search_assignment2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D420805C-ACF1-4D3D-9A2D-653205CF93FC
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_data_journaling_solution_online_search_assignment3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F22A959F-763C-49A3-BB28-BBF4967AA708
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_data_journaling_solution_online_search_assignment4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=00EC4E5D-394E-4C08-9E06-AF7F0D77686C
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_data_journaling_solution_online_search_finder_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=FAD3857F-E7D2-4951-80F1-FAED3305C431
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_file_io_example1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4B9E6EFD-AF4F-4BA7-9B91-9897C6F7FD05
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_file_io_mmap_string_example_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=FF67F0BC-8D98-4227-817D-C73D40FEFA73
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_file_io_solution1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=DACA9F5A-4FC4-4BC5-83B8-B33F003EDEF5
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_file_io_solution2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=436E3BA7-5E2A-4BCB-A4C1-BB7E4773E858
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_file_io_stream_compression_formats_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=6AD9CD69-CAF1-4178-A843-78EDDE81FC95
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_find_find_approx_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1C14DC09-A2BA-4F09-AD9F-2436090A8D6E
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_find_find_assignment1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=758E732A-62BA-4541-B26A-0A0B61300699
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_find_find_assignment2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=AA2C3110-035C-4922-B69B-4F20CC59BB7D
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_find_find_assignment3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=5A465330-66F1-4700-9D34-1DA30A7CE025
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_find_find_exact_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4862711F-F33D-4E8A-AC70-022F054B01E3
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_find_find_index_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=400C0EE3-7D6D-4390-915E-E67C0401D65E
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_find_find_index_multiple_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=B929FB47-3548-4E38-B798-4582B84B4DE3
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_find_motif_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=08277F2C-25E6-41A1-88E1-4BDA8EA45B0F
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_find_motif_pms1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=DBB913F4-6397-427A-B3F7-2A8E144CE8C6
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_first_steps_basic_code_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=0D34F0CD-B6F0-4B1B-9536-5FBEC55C21E8
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_first_steps_basic_code_detailed_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F69CFBFE-8C0B-4F1A-B83B-B5F8CA5DA517
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_first_steps_code_encapsulation_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E6C15002-8C53-42FB-8696-E16E6CD82AD8
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_first_steps_final_result_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=08E24692-CCF0-45EB-956C-0B3E9977E0D1
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_first_steps_solution_1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=706B4B5A-CC5E-42CD-8368-8C5C3492CBA4
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_first_steps_solution_2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C5D12E77-1C62-458F-AA37-E0EF217B31A0
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_first_steps_solution_3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=67AEF28F-8E06-49B6-B6A0-8B80EF6B20EB
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_first_steps_solution_4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=93C4D751-AB83-4D01-B174-45DBD9F972F4
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_first_steps_solution_5_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=99B3A1EB-1CFB-4390-AA89-91B41FFBB610
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_first_steps_solution_6_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=625CC46D-DC44-4459-B8CE-A623BB0AB90B
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_graph_graph_algo_scc_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4EA3EE40-E8D7-4300-9CA7-6B4B936B0590
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_graph_graph_dijkstra_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=ECBC9A84-3B3A-4E10-8377-DC8F17ACCCE7
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_graph_graph_hmm_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=8841F5EB-6BBD-48A1-96DE-3F08469DF2E2
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_index_assignment1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F5C720FB-DA37-4A6C-9A35-6D12A6AD7163
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_index_assignment2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C8BBD93A-61E2-4B4C-9758-464708E54F0E
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_index_assignment3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=191ABB24-F1A9-4611-B5D3-B93433BC9899
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_index_assignment4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E1000147-D9FF-44BF-8699-4BB9A1318B0D
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_index_assignment5_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=A9124E1D-012E-4D0B-9789-D9EFC46C0227
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_index_assignment6_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=92784073-A788-4956-988D-4881AAB146EE
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_index_preorder_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=2959CF7F-9709-4473-A4C1-5F17C593FDE0
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_index_property_maps_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=0BD5CFBB-507D-4573-AE90-05B745F25627
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_index_qgram_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=2F22D14D-076E-4868-9C26-33D258B8B07B
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_index_search2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=A263D577-AEA1-444B-8F7A-56555A7D73A7
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_index_search_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=18D323BC-3847-4AFE-9BE3-9B6CFE3911A4
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_indices_assignment_1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E4173619-6D2B-4B5D-B8CB-903D09FD12CD
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_indices_assignment_2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=2E67E3C5-5AF1-4692-A5C1-8B5F351B250D
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_iterator_solution1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=00075633-72D9-4EDC-9F0B-1150E2E6C835
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_iterator_solution2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=438DE756-6F82-4A7C-AF51-690BC1AD5130
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_indexed_fasta_io_solution1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=DCD1ACA3-EF32-4B92-81CB-5A27466984CE
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_indexed_fasta_io_solution2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=7D1F12CD-13AE-4683-81ED-420F9204D8B3
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_iterators_iterators_assignment_1_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C501A7A2-6DD4-492B-B3C8-21519D2D0CF7
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_iterators_iterators_assignment_2_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=7CD6748C-A901-4EC3-BD8B-9FF385056C33
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_iterators_iterators_assignment_3_workshop_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=5D7F93A3-E9BA-4DA6-B173-1372B750CC44
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_iterators_iterators_assignment_4_workshop_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=FE82C8B9-5D31-49BD-A626-495E60F16776
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_iterators_sequence_iterator_demo_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=FA75EC6C-6591-4AE0-A54D-F32AEEA9D435
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_lexical_casting_solution1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=403B528B-6330-4974-ABC0-E788777A95B6
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_mini_bowtie_mini_bowtie_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=FD5C20C5-3673-44E5-82CB-660A38882703
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_mini_bowtie_solution1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=420CF9F2-18D5-4D56-940D-6F70A887DA37
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_mini_bowtie_solution2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=CD6C1ACB-EACF-4D2C-9682-C4244BA14751
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_mini_bowtie_solution3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=622A36D1-962B-4858-B914-C85E97E566EF
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_mini_bowtie_solution4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E2FC9A12-C0BB-406D-B36D-76B0AF4CCA27
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_mini_bowtie_solution5_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4BC3F7FE-80D6-44DE-A1FF-689822051BC6
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_parsing_example1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4F1D77D7-13D0-4A29-9840-87EB7B730FCE
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_parsing_parse_blastn_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=ECD1A720-A70D-40CD-A122-6E4A4E7981D2
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_parsing_parse_gff2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=3E896C39-63CE-4701-9159-2ADD4ABEB964
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_parsing_parse_newick_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=AF0AAF2E-E80F-4E7E-B6A0-D7C34E92BB4D
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_parsing_reader_double_demo_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=A9E8D617-DBC6-4D13-8D7C-5DFEB1847C74
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_parsing_reader_single_demo_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E1682363-4441-4BA4-BD6C-90F291F0C96B
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_parsing_solution1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=13538DF1-E877-4A3E-B16E-50971B685CC3
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_parsing_solution2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=FF56CF72-2FA5-416B-AB81-C9F75F142B41
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_parsing_solution3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=3C83CFEF-398D-4A41-8B52-CF8861817420
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_random_random_examples_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=473E8088-B406-41DE-BCE6-CD852229CEE9
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_read_mapping_minimapper_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=DE807F6E-FDA6-49D5-80B2-A0F923F84C08
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_rnaseq_genequant_assignment1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D9E4D17B-2460-446C-AE99-0FDD359F5CB4
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_rnaseq_genequant_assignment2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=7E34D1E8-5EB1-4061-9B9F-A854F5D36CB8
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_rnaseq_genequant_assignment3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=33DC915F-6151-4F91-A069-5676A629CF71
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_rnaseq_genequant_assignment4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=AC5CB508-78EB-4A02-95FC-DB8FE78C1B43
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_rnaseq_genequant_assignment5_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=7D30FFD3-8863-4DE5-B8E0-6114F0AD6953
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_rnaseq_genequant_solution1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=5AA14522-5612-458E-B0C3-980686EFA7D1
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_rnaseq_genequant_solution2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=91538796-B901-4146-A620-4C774FA65A99
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_rnaseq_genequant_solution3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=6FFCD83B-B358-40E5-A74A-C488413C56E0
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_rnaseq_genequant_solution4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=425121D0-9B06-4087-A849-953BA243FD74
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_rnaseq_genequant_solution5_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=18F87CDD-A1EE-4F9C-8EDE-EE70042E8A53
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_example1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=3533C364-F3AA-4372-9795-C2DB2F6DADC1
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_example2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=8BDDB8BC-45BA-446E-89E7-09C4330C289F
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_example3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=CEFF1438-8940-4A55-A151-4A06097078D0
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_example4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1AF1C841-9AFC-47D7-BED9-6AC786885514
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_example5_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=546F9571-49CB-4AA0-A348-8C9B239F9086
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_example6_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D21F64BA-3F0D-4BFF-BA17-66E34BAB88EF
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_example7_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=0C5EFD03-A31D-4C64-BE56-815D5BE6E148
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_example8_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=6F0FCA2C-1B09-44AF-B06A-5667653BA950
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_solution1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=52D440FE-099B-42EF-846C-29F693C03BED
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_solution2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=9090EDD2-63D6-4FFF-A5E2-CC013CD0720B
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_solution3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=773473CC-6DE4-40E2-8B77-8F35E16A29F7
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_solution4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=9366223C-3018-41A1-BA25-47894943295C
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_solution5_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1C567714-9886-4263-995C-CABA9BD0422D
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_solution6_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E0F810C4-24F9-442D-A357-B086051CD25F
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_solution7_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=6E0AD252-C8FA-44A6-85B7-85EDC005C715
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_count_characters_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=AEA30824-1035-4387-A9AF-86C04FC62837
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_count_generic_characters_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=49E9043C-46DB-4E5E-93D5-F6C27DDA346E
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_example1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=0801B9F4-8191-4656-92F6-389304149FAF
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_example2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=DD4F72A5-417A-49FC-966D-83557E87E1AC
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_example3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=BFAE04A5-0153-464D-892A-6219AD647ACC
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_example4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=19A235C3-0D71-40BF-BE9B-82001F66FA16
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_example5_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=30975DEC-3F31-4A8E-B2CC-1772A67424F8
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_example6_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=0B2956DA-C595-42D6-AD2F-ED7DBE413BC2
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_example7_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=EBDCED05-42B8-436B-957F-FE62321EFEEF
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_example8_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=0B00C192-1A52-4179-A429-F535488BFC7D
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_example9_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F02CF747-DC7C-4DA1-9EDD-05AF34ECB88F
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_solution1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=60232A31-880C-4252-AF62-3F6A2BDE4783
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_solution2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=11244B7E-AC64-4530-9FF1-EA4C718D7C98
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_solution3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4E53EC61-817E-42B0-9FB5-0E83C9C2760D
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_solution4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F9828116-EEEA-48CE-BBD5-36C120BCA352
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_solution5_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=98AF12CB-2F4C-4D8E-BA8C-1C11402167DF
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_solution6_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=AB34A6BD-034B-45F8-A29B-376ADB5288C5
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_replace_as_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=0AFE5EFF-D9E4-4A29-9B73-FFCE1D002D42
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_sequence_all_strings_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=0D6D29A7-F22C-4E55-B9BF-29EA6D8DDFC6
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_sequence_iterator_demo_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=2E765EA4-8776-48C8-BA8A-7639AAE9A139
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequences_in_depth_assignment_exact_generous_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=7CF80059-615C-4929-93F5-F2A65BA6309E
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequences_lexical_assignment_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F8CE0FA0-76BF-43A8-902F-661A4650688E
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequences_segments_assignment_2_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=7BCA9EB7-C306-4588-BE7C-50B4741AB523
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequences_segments_assignment_hint_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D077D832-9260-4B36-BC30-F8CB7C80744E
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequences_segments_assignment_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=2D2C7C60-8472-4E7B-A695-FF39CB738A93
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequences_string_assignment_1_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=184A61AC-50AA-4150-9CA9-9EDC5C210D79
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_store_store_access_aligned_reads2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F5422669-F902-433B-9A50-CF798D6FB181
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_store_store_access_aligned_reads_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=5F3425F3-D53B-436B-B6BF-36F531434094
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_store_store_diplay_aligned_reads_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=2A98F6B8-DEFC-4A61-8D82-081DBFA10E37
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_stream_lexical_cast_example_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=3E24983C-E178-4104-8144-F9C5065978B1
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_stream_stream_read2_fastq_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=9193C940-AA96-4DCD-9C45-CD309CA84624
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_stream_stream_read_record_auto_format_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C752B46E-10D1-47FC-A5A1-CCFE4278F2F3
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_stream_stream_read_record_fasta_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=162436DE-6537-4FF4-898B-28D222AE8536
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_string_sets_assignment_1_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=281A0E11-9CBA-42EB-AB99-B0B962E2E13B
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_string_sets_assignment_2_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=654854E5-FB3D-4FFC-9D4D-82814EA0056C
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_string_sets_assignment_3_workshop_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=3435FAFA-F863-4FF1-9E7F-1FE8549BA89E
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_string_sets_assignment_3b_workshop_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=41DEF3E6-5F7E-4DFA-AC2F-F3893EB6D1C7
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_string_sets_assignment_4_workshop_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4B9F63EB-1DB1-4D5F-8716-93E07F023AFB
//Stored GUID
demo_zscore_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=9FC571BD-B533-495A-BBCB-20B96EFCBE89
//Stored GUID
demultiplex_test_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=243FFB5F-7CC2-4A53-8E51-1245D538C746
//Stored GUID
dfi_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=74EC5F5A-5864-4FE7-BCF7-280CB9C4A054
//Stored GUID
docs_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4CFDB16B-C74C-4B82-B71A-4C7A807FD8EB
//Stored GUID
gustaf_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F0811011-4393-453B-A133-894D50C96403
//Stored GUID
insegt_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=500533F2-309E-41A0-ABBA-D9E783E0E839
//Stored GUID
join_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=FA991938-7A6B-40A8-A9AF-51B4DFAA325E
//Stored GUID
masai_indexer_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E0C42DE5-0752-4EEE-851A-9DD73940E0B3
//Stored GUID
masai_mapper_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=3B9F8B1E-6344-49C2-97C5-9EF35D37D1D8
//Stored GUID
masai_output_pe_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E9400155-B39F-4F9C-854C-1F7C18B9780B
//Stored GUID
masai_output_se_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=134331CC-A691-4DFF-A762-2DD29BDEBA18
//Stored GUID
mason_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1319A10B-BDF6-4A18-A6E6-000B81FF59E5
//Stored GUID
micro_razers_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=BA9F2A3B-4D51-496D-8A90-5B72D571FEA2
//Stored GUID
pair_align_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=5DFA95C2-37BA-4015-A604-CF393294E953
//Stored GUID
param_chooser_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=77A2067A-47AC-4E7B-88B6-EE62DF0E9ABC
//Stored GUID
prepare_workflow_plugin_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=03534E72-409D-4BF6-9ED6-B28F9512D6A8
//Stored GUID
rabema_build_gold_standard_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=8183E8B8-110C-44D8-A6D4-1E8610B0E474
//Stored GUID
rabema_do_search_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=A6EE6936-7686-45F7-ADDF-408F70E3471E
//Stored GUID
rabema_evaluate_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=00EF0E1D-B090-49F3-9596-5FD22070B257
//Stored GUID
rabema_prepare_sam_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D6FACE94-B3C8-422B-966D-5C8C07C99222
//Stored GUID
razers2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=0A5578BE-759E-4766-A579-7A9A76562B6E
//Stored GUID
razers3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=8C86EF33-F9E5-42FB-AE12-9348D6C0E687
//Stored GUID
razers3_quality2prob_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C924952E-6933-44E2-A1FF-941599B16F8D
//Stored GUID
razers3_simulate_reads_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=A9A329D5-240C-49D8-8FF2-D14F5A67B807
//Stored GUID
razers_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4319D03F-11BE-40A6-958C-8B73C3473E12
//Stored GUID
rep_sep_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=0A65CC1E-774F-4FB2-A4F4-0D19FC8E4AAC
//Stored GUID
sak_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=99BB2D9F-F970-4B08-ABE7-2EB6C8EA88BF
//Stored GUID
sak_doc_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=A8270598-9C4A-431A-B99C-A5BB81A80D1C
//Stored GUID
search_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=6A8763AE-731E-4FD6-8FE4-CA934AAFF13C
//Stored GUID
seqan_core_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C70D2762-8A47-4286-BF05-C8C86AA4A861
//Stored GUID
seqan_extras_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F7D214B1-5CA8-4A23-A816-1F1CEEA2C839
//Stored GUID
seqan_sandbox_group3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=78F0159D-F2B9-4761-8C27-698E58927471
//Stored GUID
seqan_sua_target_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=494AD9B7-AFA0-4C33-B958-133893295A53
//Stored GUID
seqan_tcoffee_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=33F9AA26-542C-4A12-B6BE-0E33D3B76EF3
//Stored GUID
seqcons_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=3BD5F214-1AAC-4753-BAF2-66C0A9FF7203
//Stored GUID
sgip_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=2AFD3046-5EE8-4C56-8869-95E1A6011C2F
//Stored GUID
snp_store_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=FE66FB15-8C66-435F-B62B-4CE7EEC80971
//Stored GUID
splazers_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=63C36464-51EA-41CC-AF6F-764D85AB461F
//Stored GUID
stellar_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=14B3D3A6-AAAA-4278-ABB2-90B2CAC47960
//Stored GUID
test_align_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F5EDB0A1-67BB-45DF-AC15-56259F087359
//Stored GUID
test_align_split_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D7287BBE-E2CE-47E3-B690-B816E333870A
//Stored GUID
test_alignment_free_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=0CB688F3-7AE2-4C70-94E5-0A8FA6AC9C3D
//Stored GUID
test_app_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=20D162EC-3207-4675-A153-C8BBA089B083
//Stored GUID
test_arg_parse_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C18135D6-5156-4CDE-B58C-C780ADAE73F6
//Stored GUID
test_bam_io_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=3C364132-DA2E-4D77-BEDE-CCCBA88962FA
//Stored GUID
test_basic_aggregate_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=B627D18E-ACBC-4D91-BAD5-1A6CAAF4FE2F
//Stored GUID
test_basic_allocator_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E5DF242B-457B-4604-B865-A3CC12464063
//Stored GUID
test_basic_alphabet_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=5AED9A27-D762-43B8-84CD-BA2D829CA906
//Stored GUID
test_basic_concept_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F6E760F5-A68D-422B-9E52-4835EF08B857
//Stored GUID
test_basic_container_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=25350033-4E94-4DDC-9796-80C5A7D1FAF5
//Stored GUID
test_basic_fundamental_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=BE2F3E3C-B844-4D30-A8F8-5EAE0CFC72BE
//Stored GUID
test_basic_iterator_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=AD824E7A-5D31-4D09-A00B-A55249CD7D1E
//Stored GUID
test_basic_math_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D5EA456B-8BDC-42DC-8093-25B2087B15BE
//Stored GUID
test_basic_metaprogramming_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4EB2E189-B137-4A43-96D5-096252BEB44C
//Stored GUID
test_basic_parallelism_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=6D308328-DDA7-4612-941C-13E8F17D8D0A
//Stored GUID
test_basic_proxy_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=239155D2-971C-4F75-B996-5CDE1910DE20
//Stored GUID
test_basic_smart_pointer_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=7FDE7604-4813-4132-9FF4-4FAB2996CF78
//Stored GUID
test_bed_io_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C0BAD3DF-DF5E-4A42-BB30-02BDCE418394
//Stored GUID
test_consensus_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F716E8FB-79EB-4E23-A4D0-6E9F3986C80A
//Stored GUID
test_file_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=CE8047FB-53D5-40F8-9EEF-DE5E9964C4F8
//Stored GUID
test_find_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=A7C8A5C5-F980-4F6F-A27D-6D6F67177D55
//Stored GUID
test_find_motif_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E960072A-51C4-4580-8569-D0BA36860AFA
//Stored GUID
test_find_swift_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=5E052752-B768-40D4-891F-E14C66E66B25
//Stored GUID
test_funcs_param_chooser_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=6EF762EB-DBAD-41A5-AC22-E16048B1A986
//Stored GUID
test_gff_io_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=9D44C101-449D-44E4-938C-59057D06D7E3
//Stored GUID
test_graph_algorithms_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=07A48F3D-7A74-4A9C-AED6-EAB2AA6DC2B6
//Stored GUID
test_graph_align_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=652732D2-CFFE-4B0D-B6AE-0B1259768D2F
//Stored GUID
test_graph_msa_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=52795BDE-2F69-41EE-803F-AB7B3A95667B
//Stored GUID
test_graph_types_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=2C7A898B-FD87-4AB7-A046-93AC163A5BF8
//Stored GUID
test_index_creation_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=3FE040EA-5AAE-4DF9-A7AE-E963C92DA076
//Stored GUID
test_index_crosscompare_char_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=03CEC276-363C-4022-9C05-F3ACCFE4F4BB
//Stored GUID
test_index_crosscompare_char_dfi_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=0D7E867E-9920-4229-8EC0-6E5E1BC4179B
//Stored GUID
test_index_crosscompare_dna_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F88DA55B-1A9E-4035-B135-9D01BE57F403
//Stored GUID
test_index_crosscompare_dna_dfi_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=048BF77A-DACF-4869-82BC-E1231C7A9DD9
//Stored GUID
test_index_drawing_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=DCD2CFBB-0A72-466F-BAAB-E8D2DCC0D634
//Stored GUID
test_index_fm_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4D280994-C9C4-4163-A8CA-43BEB71FDE06
//Stored GUID
test_index_fm_rank_dictionary_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=3631E4F4-DCC5-48CF-A708-A48B911B55CC
//Stored GUID
test_index_qgram_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=13B7D6C7-31EF-4424-B5D6-611C94875A96
//Stored GUID
test_index_repeats_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=285CB408-EA9E-4078-AD2B-9BE01B7E1840
//Stored GUID
test_index_sa_bwtwalk_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=43192898-94B8-46EA-9639-8F92D03D328E
//Stored GUID
test_index_shapes_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C1191D84-67B5-4369-A7CE-950889C0D7B5
//Stored GUID
test_index_stree_iterators_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=A188905E-08FA-469D-BD78-CCCBB0A38A13
//Stored GUID
test_map_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=38DCF480-885D-48B8-BBD8-BC70C17E3B19
//Stored GUID
test_misc_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=FBDAB24F-0B3D-4334-904B-F6B84141D440
//Stored GUID
test_misc_cmdparser_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F7BF116C-9A3A-42B2-B2A1-8D7936C79839
//Stored GUID
test_modifier_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4EC74B2B-763E-452C-95C6-90576BA31225
//Stored GUID
test_multiple_translation_units_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=64B801B6-3449-4BA5-9855-3A0F07BC9864
//Stored GUID
test_parallel_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=342E9B81-2222-4A2D-A9BE-BE3342C4BC26
//Stored GUID
test_parse_lm_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1CB9D1E4-9D56-4EC0-9840-2F33CCEA0ACE
//Stored GUID
test_pipe_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=88C5020B-6FA0-4403-A671-341955C25FBA
//Stored GUID
test_random_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=431EBADF-B790-4FA5-845A-621E2BE31087
//Stored GUID
test_score_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=5E6ABB43-B164-4538-97E8-42A48A86DBA5
//Stored GUID
test_seeds_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=36227724-522B-4FFE-BA3A-45DB31A6DECB
//Stored GUID
test_seq_io_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=FD23CD99-5BDE-433B-8C66-7997F25D3107
//Stored GUID
test_sequence_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=9541EF69-EA54-4374-9764-A1045F28C036
//Stored GUID
test_sequence_journaled_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=757047A3-DE05-4970-9796-392977C365EB
//Stored GUID
test_statistics_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=53B91AD0-ED3E-430B-BB6D-9B2DEC8AFEDA
//Stored GUID
test_store_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=DCCAF434-76FB-429C-B66C-A4F61916F6C4
//Stored GUID
test_stream_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=B01D7AA8-C3D8-4143-B69F-3448D53F8BE9
//Stored GUID
test_vcf_io_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E6036BA7-D84A-4DA9-AD86-E23829BEB5B1
//Stored GUID
tree_recon_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=2D066D2B-263C-45E1-B765-6440B90BA7A7
//Stored GUID
trimming_test_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=5267A6A7-16CC-4C52-8C3E-1D4B65A98CF4
//Stored GUID
variant_comp_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=7E9133B5-52E6-413E-A5AE-E5FFE6909A1D

