# This is the CMakeCache file.
# For build in directory: d:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9
# It was generated by CMake: C:/Program Files (x86)/CMake 2.8/bin/cmake.exe
# You can edit this file to change values found and used by cmake.
# If you do not want to change any of the values, simply exit the editor.
# If you do want to change a value, simply edit, save, and exit the editor.
# The syntax for the file is as follows:
# KEY:TYPE=VALUE
# KEY is the name of a variable in the cache.
# TYPE is a hint to GUI's for the type of VALUE, DO NOT EDIT TYPE!.
# VALUE is the current value for the KEY.

########################
# EXTERNAL cache entries
########################

//Path to a file.
BZIP2_INCLUDE_DIR:PATH=BZIP2_INCLUDE_DIR-NOTFOUND

//Path to a library.
BZIP2_LIBRARY:FILEPATH=BZIP2_LIBRARY-NOTFOUND

//Path to a library.
BZIP2_LIBRARY_D:FILEPATH=BZIP2_LIBRARY_D-NOTFOUND

//The directory containing a CMake configuration file for Boost.
Boost_DIR:PATH=Boost_DIR-NOTFOUND

//Path to a file.
Boost_INCLUDE_DIR:PATH=Boost_INCLUDE_DIR-NOTFOUND

//Boost diagnostic define
Boost_LIB_DIAGNOSTIC_DEFINITIONS:STRING=-DBOOST_LIB_DIAGNOSTIC

//Choose the type of build, options are: Debug Release RelWithDebInfo
// ...
CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE:STRING=Release

//Semicolon separated list of supported configuration types, only
// supports Debug, Release, MinSizeRel, and RelWithDebInfo, anything
// else will be ignored.
CMAKE_CONFIGURATION_TYPES:STRING=Debug;Release;MinSizeRel;RelWithDebInfo

//C++ compiler
CMAKE_CXX_COMPILER:FILEPATH=cl

//Flags used by the compiler during all build types.
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS:STRING= /DWIN32 /D_WINDOWS /W3 /Zm1000 /EHsc /GR

//Flags used by the compiler during debug builds.
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_DEBUG:STRING=/D_DEBUG /MDd /Zi /Ob0 /Od /RTC1

//Flags used by the compiler during release minsize builds.
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL:STRING=/MD /O1 /Ob1 /D NDEBUG

//Flags used by the compiler during release builds (/MD /Ob1 /Oi
// /Ot /Oy /Gs will produce slightly less optimized but smaller
// files).
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_RELEASE:STRING=/MD /O2 /Ob2 /D NDEBUG

//Flags used by the compiler during Release with Debug Info builds.
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO:STRING=/MD /Zi /O2 /Ob1 /D NDEBUG

//Libraries linked by defalut with all C++ applications.
CMAKE_CXX_STANDARD_LIBRARIES:STRING='kernel32.lib user32.lib gdi32.lib winspool.lib shell32.lib ole32.lib oleaut32.lib uuid.lib comdlg32.lib advapi32.lib '

//C compiler
CMAKE_C_COMPILER:FILEPATH=cl

//Flags used by the compiler during all build types.
CMAKE_C_FLAGS:STRING= /DWIN32 /D_WINDOWS /W3 /Zm1000

//Flags used by the compiler during debug builds.
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_DEBUG:STRING=/D_DEBUG /MDd /Zi  /Ob0 /Od /RTC1

//Flags used by the compiler during release minsize builds.
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL:STRING=/MD /O1 /Ob1 /D NDEBUG

//Flags used by the compiler during release builds (/MD /Ob1 /Oi
// /Ot /Oy /Gs will produce slightly less optimized but smaller
// files).
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_RELEASE:STRING=/MD /O2 /Ob2 /D NDEBUG

//Flags used by the compiler during Release with Debug Info builds.
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO:STRING=/MD /Zi /O2 /Ob1 /D NDEBUG

//Libraries linked by defalut with all C applications.
CMAKE_C_STANDARD_LIBRARIES:STRING='kernel32.lib user32.lib gdi32.lib winspool.lib shell32.lib ole32.lib oleaut32.lib uuid.lib comdlg32.lib advapi32.lib '

//Flags used by the linker.
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS:STRING=' /STACK:10000000 /machine:X86 '

//Flags used by the linker during debug builds.
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG:STRING=/debug /INCREMENTAL:YES

//Flags used by the linker during release minsize builds.
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL:STRING=/INCREMENTAL:NO

//Flags used by the linker during release builds.
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE:STRING=/INCREMENTAL:NO

//Flags used by the linker during Release with Debug Info builds.
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO:STRING=/debug /INCREMENTAL:YES

//Install path prefix, prepended onto install directories.
CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX:PATH=C:/Program Files (x86)/seqan

//Path to a program.
CMAKE_LINKER:FILEPATH=CMAKE_LINKER-NOTFOUND

//make program
CMAKE_MAKE_PROGRAM:FILEPATH=C:/PROGRA~2/MICROS~2.0/Common7/IDE/devenv.com

//Flags used by the linker during the creation of modules.
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS:STRING=' /STACK:10000000 /machine:X86 '

//Flags used by the linker during debug builds.
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG:STRING=/debug /INCREMENTAL:YES

//Flags used by the linker during release minsize builds.
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL:STRING=/INCREMENTAL:NO

//Flags used by the linker during release builds.
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE:STRING=/INCREMENTAL:NO

//Flags used by the linker during Release with Debug Info builds.
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO:STRING=/debug /INCREMENTAL:YES

//Value Computed by CMake
CMAKE_PROJECT_NAME:STATIC=seqan

//RC compiler
CMAKE_RC_COMPILER:FILEPATH=rc

//Flags for Fortran compiler.
CMAKE_RC_FLAGS:STRING=' '

//Flags used by the linker during the creation of dll's.
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS:STRING=' /STACK:10000000 /machine:X86 '

//Flags used by the linker during debug builds.
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG:STRING=/debug /INCREMENTAL:YES

//Flags used by the linker during release minsize builds.
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL:STRING=/INCREMENTAL:NO

//Flags used by the linker during release builds.
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE:STRING=/INCREMENTAL:NO

//Flags used by the linker during Release with Debug Info builds.
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO:STRING=/debug /INCREMENTAL:YES

//If set, runtime paths are not added when using shared libraries.
CMAKE_SKIP_RPATH:BOOL=NO

//If true, cmake will use relative paths in makefiles and projects.
CMAKE_USE_RELATIVE_PATHS:BOOL=OFF

//If this value is on, makefiles will be generated without the
// .SILENT directive, and all commands will be echoed to the console
// during the make.  This is useful for debugging only. With Visual
// Studio IDE projects all commands are done without /nologo.
CMAKE_VERBOSE_MAKEFILE:BOOL=FALSE

//Path to a program.
Java_JAR_EXECUTABLE:FILEPATH=Java_JAR_EXECUTABLE-NOTFOUND

//Path to a program.
Java_JAVAC_EXECUTABLE:FILEPATH=Java_JAVAC_EXECUTABLE-NOTFOUND

//Path to a program.
Java_JAVADOC_EXECUTABLE:FILEPATH=Java_JAVADOC_EXECUTABLE-NOTFOUND

//Path to a program.
Java_JAVAH_EXECUTABLE:FILEPATH=Java_JAVAH_EXECUTABLE-NOTFOUND

//Path to a program.
Java_JAVA_EXECUTABLE:FILEPATH=Java_JAVA_EXECUTABLE-NOTFOUND

//Path to a file.
LEMON_INCLUDE_DIR:PATH=LEMON_INCLUDE_DIR-NOTFOUND

//Path to a library.
LEMON_LIBRARY:FILEPATH=LEMON_LIBRARY-NOTFOUND

//LEMON root directory
LEMON_ROOT_DIR:PATH=

//C++ compiler flags for OpenMP parallization
OpenMP_CXX_FLAGS:STRING=/openmp

//C compiler flags for OpenMP parallization
OpenMP_C_FLAGS:STRING=/openmp

//Path to a program.
PYTHON_EXECUTABLE:FILEPATH=D:/Python27/python.exe

//Version of the application.
SEQAN_APP_VERSION:STRING=0.0.0

//Build/Release mode to select. One of DEVELOP SEQAN_RELEASE, APP:${APP_NAME}.
// Defaults to DEVELOP.
SEQAN_BUILD_SYSTEM:STRING=DEVELOP

//Enable new sequence tests.
SEQAN_COMPILE_SEQUENCE_TESTS_V2:BOOL=OFF

//Set to ON to disable memory mapping of the reference genome index.
SEQAN_EXTRAS_MASAI_DISABLE_MMAP:BOOL=OFF

//Set to TRUE to enable nightly app releases.
SEQAN_NIGHTLY_RELEASE:BOOL=FALSE

//Path to a file.
ZLIB_INCLUDE_DIR:PATH=ZLIB_INCLUDE_DIR-NOTFOUND

//Path to a library.
ZLIB_LIBRARY:FILEPATH=ZLIB_LIBRARY-NOTFOUND

//Path to a library.
ZLIB_LIBRARY_D:FILEPATH=ZLIB_LIBRARY_D-NOTFOUND

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_dfi_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/core/apps/dfi

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_dfi_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/apps/dfi

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_mason_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/core/apps/mason

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_mason_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/apps/mason

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_micro_razers_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/core/apps/micro_razers

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_micro_razers_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/apps/micro_razers

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_pair_align_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/core/apps/pair_align

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_pair_align_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/apps/pair_align

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_rabema_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/core/apps/rabema

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_rabema_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/apps/rabema

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_razers2_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/core/apps/razers2

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_razers2_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/apps/razers2

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_razers_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/core/apps/razers

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_razers_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/apps/razers

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_sak_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/core/apps/sak

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_sak_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/apps/sak

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_seqan_tcoffee_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/core/apps/seqan_tcoffee

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_seqan_tcoffee_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/apps/seqan_tcoffee

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_seqcons_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/core/apps/seqcons

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_seqcons_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/apps/seqcons

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_snp_store_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/core/apps/snp_store

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_snp_store_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/apps/snp_store

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_splazers_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/core/apps/splazers

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_splazers_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/apps/splazers

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_stellar_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/core/apps/stellar

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_stellar_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/apps/stellar

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_tree_recon_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/core/apps/tree_recon

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_tree_recon_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/apps/tree_recon

//Value Computed by CMake
extras__apps_gustaf_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/extras/apps/gustaf

//Value Computed by CMake
extras__apps_gustaf_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/extras/apps/gustaf

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_alf_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/extras/apps/alf

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_alf_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/extras/apps/alf

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_breakpoint_calculator_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/extras/apps/breakpoint_calculator

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_breakpoint_calculator_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/extras/apps/breakpoint_calculator

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_insegt_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/extras/apps/insegt

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_insegt_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/extras/apps/insegt

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_masai_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/extras/apps/masai

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_masai_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/extras/apps/masai

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_param_chooser_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/extras/apps/param_chooser

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_param_chooser_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/extras/apps/param_chooser

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_razers3_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/extras/apps/razers3

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_razers3_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/extras/apps/razers3

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_rep_sep_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/extras/apps/rep_sep

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_rep_sep_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/extras/apps/rep_sep

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_sgip_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/extras/apps/sgip

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_sgip_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/extras/apps/sgip

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_variant_comp_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/extras/apps/variant_comp

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_variant_comp_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/extras/apps/variant_comp

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/core

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_apps_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/core/apps

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_apps_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/apps

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_demos_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/core/demos

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_demos_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/demos

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/core/tests

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_align_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/core/tests/align

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_align_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/align

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_arg_parse_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/core/tests/arg_parse

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_arg_parse_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/arg_parse

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_bam_io_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/core/tests/bam_io

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_bam_io_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/bam_io

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_basic_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/core/tests/basic

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_basic_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/basic

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_consensus_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/core/tests/consensus

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_consensus_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/consensus

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_file_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/core/tests/file

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_file_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/file

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_find_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/core/tests/find

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_find_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/find

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_find_swift_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/core/tests/swift_local

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_find_swift_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/swift_local

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_gff_io_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/core/tests/gff_io

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_gff_io_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/gff_io

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_graph_algorithms_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/core/tests/graph_algorithms

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_graph_algorithms_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/graph_algorithms

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_graph_align_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/core/tests/graph_align

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_graph_align_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/graph_align

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_graph_msa_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/core/tests/graph_msa

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_graph_msa_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/graph_msa

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_graph_types_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/core/tests/graph_types

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_graph_types_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/graph_types

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_index_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/core/tests/index

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_index_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/index

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_map_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/core/tests/map

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_map_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/map

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_misc_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/core/tests/misc

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_misc_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/misc

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_modifier_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/core/tests/modifier

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_modifier_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/modifier

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_parallel_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/core/tests/parallel

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_parallel_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/parallel

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_pipe_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/core/tests/pipe

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_pipe_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/pipe

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_random_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/core/tests/random

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_random_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/random

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_score_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/core/tests/score

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_score_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/score

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_seeds_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/core/tests/seeds

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_seeds_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/seeds

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_seq_io_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/core/tests/seq_io

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_seq_io_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/seq_io

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_sequence_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/core/tests/sequence

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_sequence_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/sequence

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_sequence_journaled_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/core/tests/sequence_journaled

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_sequence_journaled_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/sequence_journaled

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_store_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/core/tests/store

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_store_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/store

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_stream_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/core/tests/stream

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_stream_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/stream

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_docs_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/docs

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_docs_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/docs

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/extras

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/extras

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_apps_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/extras/apps

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_apps_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/extras/apps

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_apps_searchjoin_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/extras/apps/searchjoin

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_apps_searchjoin_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/extras/apps/searchjoin

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_demos_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/extras/demos

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_demos_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/extras/demos

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/extras/tests

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/extras/tests

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_align_split_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/extras/tests/align_split

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_align_split_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/extras/tests/align_split

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_alignment_free_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/extras/tests/alignment_free

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_alignment_free_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/extras/tests/alignment_free

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_bed_io_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/extras/tests/bed_io

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_bed_io_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/extras/tests/bed_io

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_find_motif_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/extras/tests/find_motif

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_find_motif_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/extras/tests/find_motif

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_multiple_translation_units_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/extras/tests/multiple_translation_units

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_multiple_translation_units_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/extras/tests/multiple_translation_units

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_parse_lm_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/extras/tests/parse_lm

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_parse_lm_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/extras/tests/parse_lm

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_statistics_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/extras/tests/statistics

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_statistics_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/extras/tests/statistics

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_vcf_io_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/extras/tests/vcf_io

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_vcf_io_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/extras/tests/vcf_io

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandboX_my_sandbox_apps_blastX_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/blastX

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandboX_my_sandbox_apps_blastX_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/blastX

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandboX_my_sandbox_apps_probe_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/probe

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandboX_my_sandbox_apps_probe_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/probe

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/sandbox

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/sandbox

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/sandbox/my_sandbox

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/sandbox/my_sandbox

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_blastX1_0_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/blastX1.0

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_blastX1_0_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/blastX1.0

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_blastX_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/blastX

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_blastX_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/blastX

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_dna_simulation_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/dna_simulation

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_dna_simulation_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/dna_simulation

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_first_app_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/first_app

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_first_app_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/first_app

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_probe_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/probe

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_probe_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/probe

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_simulation_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/simulation

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_simulation_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/simulation

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_the_example_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/the_example

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_the_example_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/the_example

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_tutorial_10_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/tutorial_10

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_tutorial_10_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/tutorial_10

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_tutorial_11_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/tutorial_11

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_tutorial_11_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/tutorial_11

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_tutorial_12_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/tutorial_12

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_tutorial_12_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/tutorial_12

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_tutorial_13_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/tutorial_13

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_tutorial_13_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/tutorial_13

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_tutorial_14_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/tutorial_14

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_tutorial_14_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/tutorial_14

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_tutorial_15_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/tutorial_15

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_tutorial_15_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/tutorial_15

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_tutorial_16_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/tutorial_16

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_tutorial_16_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/tutorial_16

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_tutorial_17_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/tutorial_17

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_tutorial_17_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/tutorial_17

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_tutorial_18_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/tutorial_18

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_tutorial_18_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/tutorial_18

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_tutorial_19_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/tutorial_19

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_tutorial_19_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/tutorial_19

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_tutorial_1_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/tutorial_1

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_tutorial_1_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/tutorial_1

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_tutorial_20_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/tutorial_20

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_tutorial_20_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/tutorial_20

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_tutorial_21_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/tutorial_21

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_tutorial_21_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/tutorial_21

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_tutorial_22_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/tutorial_22

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_tutorial_22_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/tutorial_22

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_tutorial_23_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/tutorial_23

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_tutorial_23_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/tutorial_23

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_tutorial_24_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/tutorial_24

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_tutorial_24_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/tutorial_24

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_tutorial_25_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/tutorial_25

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_tutorial_25_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/tutorial_25

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_tutorial_2_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/tutorial_2

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_tutorial_2_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/tutorial_2

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_tutorial_3_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/tutorial_3

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_tutorial_3_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/tutorial_3

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_tutorial_4_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/tutorial_4

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_tutorial_4_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/tutorial_4

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_tutorial_5_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/tutorial_5

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_tutorial_5_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/tutorial_5

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_tutorial_6_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/tutorial_6

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_tutorial_6_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/tutorial_6

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_tutorial_7_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/tutorial_7

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_tutorial_7_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/tutorial_7

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_tutorial_8_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/tutorial_8

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_tutorial_8_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/tutorial_8

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_tutorial_9_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/tutorial_9

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_tutorial_9_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/tutorial_9

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_tutorial_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/tutorial

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_tutorial_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/tutorial

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_demos_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/sandbox/my_sandbox/demos

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_demos_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/sandbox/my_sandbox/demos

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_tests_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9/sandbox/my_sandbox/tests

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_tests_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/sandbox/my_sandbox/tests


########################
# INTERNAL cache entries
########################

//Stored GUID
ALL_BUILD_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=9FBE4F90-085C-4BA1-B753-52FBE97824B4
//ADVANCED property for variable: BZIP2_INCLUDE_DIR
BZIP2_INCLUDE_DIR-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: Boost_INCLUDE_DIR
Boost_INCLUDE_DIR-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_BUILD_TOOL
CMAKE_BUILD_TOOL-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//What is the target build tool cmake is generating for.
CMAKE_BUILD_TOOL:INTERNAL=C:/PROGRA~2/MICROS~2.0/Common7/IDE/devenv.com
//This is the directory where this CMakeCache.txt was created
CMAKE_CACHEFILE_DIR:INTERNAL=d:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs9
//Major version of cmake used to create the current loaded cache
CMAKE_CACHE_MAJOR_VERSION:INTERNAL=2
//Minor version of cmake used to create the current loaded cache
CMAKE_CACHE_MINOR_VERSION:INTERNAL=8
//Patch version of cmake used to create the current loaded cache
CMAKE_CACHE_PATCH_VERSION:INTERNAL=7
//Path to CMake executable.
CMAKE_COMMAND:INTERNAL=C:/Program Files (x86)/CMake 2.8/bin/cmake.exe
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_CONFIGURATION_TYPES
CMAKE_CONFIGURATION_TYPES-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//Path to cpack program executable.
CMAKE_CPACK_COMMAND:INTERNAL=C:/Program Files (x86)/CMake 2.8/bin/cpack.exe
//Path to ctest program executable.
CMAKE_CTEST_COMMAND:INTERNAL=C:/Program Files (x86)/CMake 2.8/bin/ctest.exe
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_CXX_COMPILER
CMAKE_CXX_COMPILER-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
CMAKE_CXX_COMPILER_WORKS:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_DEBUG
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_DEBUG-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_RELEASE
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_RELEASE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_CXX_STANDARD_LIBRARIES
CMAKE_CXX_STANDARD_LIBRARIES-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_C_COMPILER
CMAKE_C_COMPILER-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
CMAKE_C_COMPILER_WORKS:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_C_FLAGS
CMAKE_C_FLAGS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_C_FLAGS_DEBUG
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_DEBUG-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_C_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_C_FLAGS_RELEASE
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_RELEASE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_C_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_C_STANDARD_LIBRARIES
CMAKE_C_STANDARD_LIBRARIES-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//Result of TRY_COMPILE
CMAKE_DETERMINE_CXX_ABI_COMPILED:INTERNAL=TRUE
//Result of TRY_COMPILE
CMAKE_DETERMINE_C_ABI_COMPILED:INTERNAL=TRUE
//Path to cache edit program executable.
CMAKE_EDIT_COMMAND:INTERNAL=C:/Program Files (x86)/CMake 2.8/bin/cmake-gui.exe
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//Name of generator.
CMAKE_GENERATOR:INTERNAL=Visual Studio 9 2008
//Start directory with the top level CMakeLists.txt file for this
// project
CMAKE_HOME_DIRECTORY:INTERNAL=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_LINKER
CMAKE_LINKER-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_MAKE_PROGRAM
CMAKE_MAKE_PROGRAM-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//number of local generators
CMAKE_NUMBER_OF_LOCAL_GENERATORS:INTERNAL=78
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_RC_COMPILER
CMAKE_RC_COMPILER-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
CMAKE_RC_COMPILER_WORKS:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_RC_FLAGS
CMAKE_RC_FLAGS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//Path to CMake installation.
CMAKE_ROOT:INTERNAL=C:/Program Files (x86)/CMake 2.8/share/cmake-2.8
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_SKIP_RPATH
CMAKE_SKIP_RPATH-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_USE_RELATIVE_PATHS
CMAKE_USE_RELATIVE_PATHS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_VERBOSE_MAKEFILE
CMAKE_VERBOSE_MAKEFILE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//Details about finding PythonInterp
FIND_PACKAGE_MESSAGE_DETAILS_PythonInterp:INTERNAL=[D:/Python27/python.exe][v2.7.2()]
//Stored GUID
INSTALL_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=152144E0-301C-488D-96BF-92A67ECCDD72
//ADVANCED property for variable: Java_JAR_EXECUTABLE
Java_JAR_EXECUTABLE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: Java_JAVAC_EXECUTABLE
Java_JAVAC_EXECUTABLE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: Java_JAVADOC_EXECUTABLE
Java_JAVADOC_EXECUTABLE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: Java_JAVAH_EXECUTABLE
Java_JAVAH_EXECUTABLE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: Java_JAVA_EXECUTABLE
Java_JAVA_EXECUTABLE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: LEMON_INCLUDE_DIR
LEMON_INCLUDE_DIR-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: LEMON_LIBRARY
LEMON_LIBRARY-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: OpenMP_CXX_FLAGS
OpenMP_CXX_FLAGS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: OpenMP_C_FLAGS
OpenMP_C_FLAGS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//Test OpenMP_FLAG_DETECTED
OpenMP_FLAG_DETECTED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: PYTHON_EXECUTABLE
PYTHON_EXECUTABLE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//Stored GUID
RUN_TESTS_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=CD550BE7-B1CB-48BD-8B92-372033BDCE85
//Used legacy build system.
SEQAN_BUILD_SYSTEM_LEGACY:INTERNAL=OFF
SEQAN_CTD_EXECUTABLES:INTERNAL=dfi;pair_align;razers;razers2;sak;seqan_tcoffee;seqcons;stellar;tree_recon;alf;insegt;masai_indexer;masai_mapper;masai_output_se;masai_output_pe;razers3
//Root source directory.
SEQAN_ROOT_SOURCE_DIR:INTERNAL=D:/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk
//Whether or not to expect the SeqAn build system with core/extras
// structure.
SEQAN_USE_SEQAN_BUILD_SYSTEM:INTERNAL=TRUE
//SeqAn major version.
SEQAN_VERSION_MAJOR:INTERNAL=
//SeqAn minor version.
SEQAN_VERSION_MINOR:INTERNAL=
//SeqAn patch version.
SEQAN_VERSION_PATCH:INTERNAL=
//Whether version is a pre-release version version.
SEQAN_VERSION_PRE_RELEASE:INTERNAL=
//SeqAn version string.
SEQAN_VERSION_STRING:INTERNAL=..
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_CMake Rules_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=6F1B734D-4405-463A-AF97-CA8498B6CDB4
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_Header Files_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=8327104F-FF31-454D-8386-5A08EEF4FBD2
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_Resources_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=91B7800D-E578-41D1-A60C-8B46A37D890F
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_Source Files_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=7B40F9E1-3559-49EE-8A54-1DCB322007DE
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\align_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=66B1B7CF-EF20-48AA-BC30-07FC674F4152
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\align_split_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=B2659B97-696A-4C8A-96C1-5137C762085A
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\alignment_free_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=886E9E5D-A121-42CF-A48C-01AE8D2292B6
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\arg_parse_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=CEF46764-9863-4A2D-AB02-7AE1C7B7001D
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\bam_io_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=6277E025-4CE5-4338-ABE7-1E27BC84F1D6
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\basic_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=8E141CF6-03D9-4ACC-811D-5051D9924049
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\bed_io_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=9937EA34-0F7F-4EE5-910D-5821595B90D5
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\consensus_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F44E4F24-2CF5-4CC4-B100-7CF45BCDA4CB
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\file_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=41A07516-9CB8-4ADE-A199-3C7AB99EDAC3
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\find_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=67F2571F-739C-4A89-BE7D-25153DED4355
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\find_motif_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E5FFB4E8-2CE6-4F2E-9B8C-C2AD851B6DE0
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\gff_io_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C63402A5-92BC-40F3-BF4E-5B5D5E464777
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\graph_algorithms_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=36DDD8B3-C54B-45AF-A157-2B1644BE3243
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\graph_align_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=0ABA7147-315B-4512-9181-D2B9FF08E5FA
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\graph_msa_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=7DBC5089-97B3-49CE-871E-32FC946A6A44
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\graph_types_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=6F57F494-BA18-47F1-86E7-ADCABF1D7FCD
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\index_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=6EE8B774-BA4E-49F4-A54C-A96A38DDC610
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\journaled_set_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=361BCC46-8291-48C7-A37B-51A711DD30DA
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\map_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=54AC8B90-E395-4A3B-9696-2C820BD26889
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\math_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=BBD60AD4-6B0D-4AD7-9F9E-9E4CE30D0779
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\misc_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=B7405751-9505-439C-9203-5FC256AB6E44
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\modifier_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=FAFEE2ED-BCD9-4690-83FD-F5367652C154
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\parallel_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=3415334C-2198-406D-9EFE-0EF9216BFEDC
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\parse_lm_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E69593BC-DFB8-4B1B-9E37-8ECE61D94691
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\pipe_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C3F24925-5AB0-4452-AD33-28DED9216D92
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\platform_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C3779BCA-D71C-4B79-AEC8-EE5F22D6C8C0
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\random_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=38DFCC7F-BA52-444D-B9EC-DDB9434DD9BA
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\score_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=660FA903-FEDD-408D-B345-C397328C2A49
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\seeds_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=FF199F7F-D2E6-4680-94C3-6243C8671D1C
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\seq_io_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=8CE6ACEB-EA8B-4269-914A-5D64F89CCFFF
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\sequence_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=515D9D1C-EBB0-4B49-B79A-317B5CBC27C2
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\sequence_journaled_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=9D1EC565-DF0A-4722-A962-5FDFA6530105
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\statistics_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F652C00D-E2FB-4791-8993-9A78671C8467
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\store_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=2B8F7BDA-09F9-47FE-A109-DF30559CD0C4
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\stream_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=CA31BCA7-4543-4C98-A7DD-4FC4A4161F22
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\system_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E3C00635-EA8E-40EF-A4DD-B1C2408D71F6
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\vcf_io_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=47B3AE75-5CC9-4887-8FB6-C613CF08DAF8
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=6330668F-3D11-4F08-9EF4-D63E3FADFC90
//Stored GUID
ZERO_CHECK_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=90DC4427-4199-4946-892C-3AF3122B2129
//ADVANCED property for variable: ZLIB_INCLUDE_DIR
ZLIB_INCLUDE_DIR-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: ZLIB_LIBRARY
ZLIB_LIBRARY-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//Result of TRY_COMPILE
_SEQAN_COMPILE_RESULT:INTERNAL=TRUE
//ADVANCED property for variable: _SEQAN_HAVE_EXECINFO
_SEQAN_HAVE_EXECINFO-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//Have includes _SEQAN_HAVE_EXECINFO
_SEQAN_HAVE_EXECINFO:INTERNAL=
//Result of TRY_RUN
_SEQAN_RUN_RESULT:INTERNAL=0
//Stored GUID
alf_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=35043DC1-7ADA-4846-AD65-37750829DC14
//Stored GUID
blastX1.0_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=2ECCE07B-8208-4CA9-B866-6FCE9C281CBA
//Stored GUID
blastX_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=82BBEF96-F863-4715-937B-AFB9DCBBF887
//Stored GUID
demo_align_gaps_clipping_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=888EDF9E-87F5-48C6-B29F-5885FA1C2A09
//Stored GUID
demo_alignment_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=34E1E7C2-B0CF-447A-8580-FD4A43014FD8
//Stored GUID
demo_alignment_local_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=BEB4FD99-DBB8-42CF-B0E8-8D6B97F03834
//Stored GUID
demo_alignment_msa_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1A3E5B62-27F7-4FB7-8DAF-CEB18169B726
//Stored GUID
demo_allocator_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=9D537852-FE10-4A8B-894A-E68C491CDE2F
//Stored GUID
demo_alphabet_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F8A6DDB2-A85C-43A8-8205-13966ABE1CCA
//Stored GUID
demo_annotation_converter_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4B95478B-E9C6-44D6-B6DC-637786958BB5
//Stored GUID
demo_arg_align_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E845E3FF-B99C-45D5-B54C-795CA7BB6460
//Stored GUID
demo_arg_parse_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D3A2BEAF-7FC8-47AA-95C4-5B9A38D43F76
//Stored GUID
demo_bam_library_size_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=069CFC58-C3DB-4750-8151-641F4664320E
//Stored GUID
demo_bam_print_alignments_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=3790F8A7-B4F5-4426-AD7B-6A27176CD7CA
//Stored GUID
demo_bam_stats_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=3891A420-0FA2-44D7-8D00-523E68CAD3F3
//Stored GUID
demo_bamutil_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=49665420-A257-40E8-9629-A0D9F02A186E
//Stored GUID
demo_benchmark_stream_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=3B703ABE-05A5-4F81-B2CB-5C71ED851230
//Stored GUID
demo_benchmark_stream_write_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=78DCA382-8D58-4D07-932B-AABADA21486C
//Stored GUID
demo_enumerate_strings_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=90361A24-C8B8-4C74-9680-ACD511DBBA22
//Stored GUID
demo_example_seq_io_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=617C872F-4504-4235-863D-2EA42A8F7051
//Stored GUID
demo_file_format_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=545A3FE1-46A6-4E03-BA37-D90FCE4098B1
//Stored GUID
demo_file_readwrite_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=59CAA5E4-9F4A-4496-93D3-6B8F5585E1F7
//Stored GUID
demo_file_speed_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E484927F-9998-423B-88F4-8C6AC98E7DD2
//Stored GUID
demo_filter_sam_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=B9A2E27C-6DE8-4F01-96F4-DF36AED2A732
//Stored GUID
demo_find_approx_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=FA6E6D4C-A2AA-4702-BC67-04664CCDCC72
//Stored GUID
demo_find_exact_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1ECEEE73-BD54-4900-B311-1078D9B5721C
//Stored GUID
demo_find_motif_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=8477543A-7D7D-4CAC-9887-97D75B79F0E5
//Stored GUID
demo_find_wild_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C1BCBFFC-EE69-4E35-AA96-6926C042ACC5
//Stored GUID
demo_gff2gtf_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=95120197-6DD3-4F0B-81DE-8956E3F0500A
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_bfs_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F0F44BBB-A7AE-4B0F-A8CE-280C375FF1AA
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_dfs_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=0777C017-6F73-40EA-A23E-3DA7A6A4BB76
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_flow_fordfulkerson_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C6D44C8D-B560-4A2F-8802-D2AC80E80FA9
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_his_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=9205EE38-AC84-4DDF-A746-EDC09466ACCB
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_lcs_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=6336EDDD-4D16-44BA-9FA6-ABDBFB300564
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_lis_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=9DF62E0B-3C3B-43E0-BCF2-CABAD59CA30C
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_path_allpairs_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=CB8EC6A0-EFDB-4296-9216-A18E704871DA
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_path_bellmanford_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=00128AA5-E72F-460C-9402-669084E4499B
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_path_dag_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=86BF9920-593F-4B2D-8889-22A6C217E8D0
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_path_dijkstra_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=A7DA2469-BDC3-4594-B74F-26F7840B3A0D
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_path_floydwarshall_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=CA1CCA55-C649-4E97-A0A0-E16CF1DB3D1E
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_path_transitive_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=31DC42C0-B134-4270-AFCF-4658A3C2025F
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_scc_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=2C67529C-8D45-49CC-B6DE-B4E346695C90
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_topsort_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=95505AA5-5D7D-411A-ABAA-22C959E39B4B
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_tree_kruskal_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=6DC5FB7E-B3BA-4201-BE02-674813E94FEF
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_tree_prim_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=00BAB29D-E852-4E72-91BF-FC11990CBBD9
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_hmm_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=7FFC0956-C4F3-494B-BD77-2FC98E449868
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_hmm_silent_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D0A4AC5D-7ABB-4E22-8388-BA4BD537A3D5
//Stored GUID
demo_howto_clip_alignments_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=82209CBE-C7E8-45BE-94D3-BBC6E837DDE6
//Stored GUID
demo_howto_cmdparser_example_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E1FDCAFE-0BEA-4D3B-89C1-36FBC4565769
//Stored GUID
demo_howto_efficiently_import_sequences_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C3A0B759-DB7D-48A7-9A8B-2007EC4F8F95
//Stored GUID
demo_howto_filter_similar_sequences_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=CE1155D0-37B0-43E1-B92A-A668301ED96B
//Stored GUID
demo_howto_scores_init_score_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=66528D69-70AE-417E-8D0E-5535CB5D737E
//Stored GUID
demo_howto_scores_load_score_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=980E59E3-14CB-4B27-B16B-C8A119789071
//Stored GUID
demo_index_counting_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=7641C1C7-16F8-4648-A58B-42F59A95D5F1
//Stored GUID
demo_index_find_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F3129957-8B4A-49C1-8A61-B8095A8D4625
//Stored GUID
demo_index_find_stringset_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E1C09C2B-4207-4E7F-8798-6862FBB7F9B5
//Stored GUID
demo_index_lcp_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=7691DDE8-40A4-4300-9309-81C2EDD62C14
//Stored GUID
demo_index_maxrepeats_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C646AA49-152A-4ABA-B132-CF762170138B
//Stored GUID
demo_index_mummy_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=545DF081-CCB4-4A46-B5D7-51AF6CE72F5C
//Stored GUID
demo_index_mums_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=8072AB83-5A7B-4C38-AD6E-9E276D4832F0
//Stored GUID
demo_index_node_predicate_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4D9E8B3B-EC02-4638-A72E-77E33F648EBF
//Stored GUID
demo_index_qgram_counts_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=6511D87D-1193-40C8-9209-84646DE8C676
//Stored GUID
demo_index_sufarray_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D3F1DF91-8970-4E3A-809B-935C8233B60B
//Stored GUID
demo_index_supermaxrepeats_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=3173429E-498A-4EA2-A2CB-37DB7354E0FD
//Stored GUID
demo_interval_tree_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=DF4D376D-D269-42CC-A005-372EA97DD91D
//Stored GUID
demo_iterator_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=7A9BABFD-E354-4A68-930E-A5430B449B87
//Stored GUID
demo_modifier_modreverse_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=BA898FCF-6C7E-4E3B-A578-6E78246CA5A4
//Stored GUID
demo_modifier_modview_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=EE0E43A2-F7B1-44F9-9AAF-4619A684AB0D
//Stored GUID
demo_modifier_nested_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1E93B399-4A63-4E83-A37E-49A58F9795B7
//Stored GUID
demo_parse_lm_stellar_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F9498883-BF95-44CA-9309-DB48A9F2AB4F
//Stored GUID
demo_pipe_sort_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C3BC77F4-D06A-429C-B4AF-035E9872C47C
//Stored GUID
demo_repeats_demo_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1262A785-3114-4BD2-B8D1-679D2C91A94E
//Stored GUID
demo_rooted_iterator_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=754CB012-0B03-4EC9-9DD6-8F8C1F5292DF
//Stored GUID
demo_sam2svg_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4305D1DF-922E-444A-91C2-ECC77FE1AEE7
//Stored GUID
demo_sample_seqs_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=ABAF8E7D-39E1-42A9-A465-9CE726480085
//Stored GUID
demo_seeds_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=55877EB5-237D-4D56-87CB-1099376B7F78
//Stored GUID
demo_segmentalignment_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=86B70133-85AF-4AFF-9CF6-C282CFD65C3F
//Stored GUID
demo_sequence_length_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=B23D65BD-8010-45E8-A78D-F525AB1C353A
//Stored GUID
demo_sequence_segment_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=63B75D8B-2716-47B5-BB60-9D9C4CE2B72A
//Stored GUID
demo_sequence_string_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=467ADA20-737A-4F05-90C4-1A849F8BC99D
//Stored GUID
demo_soft_to_hard_masking_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=B1968C72-43D0-41BB-BB3D-B71FD32963B2
//Stored GUID
demo_stream_read_fastq_gz_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=74A5455E-F066-4FA3-B32A-B92F59EA10A0
//Stored GUID
demo_template_subclassing_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E622B343-C5B6-4CCC-B5A0-FF09ABC4C745
//Stored GUID
demo_terminal_demo_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=9BFF1FD9-41A8-4471-A437-E602849669C7
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment2_align_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=8A2ECFC5-872F-488D-B247-6DE8A164F891
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_align_assignment1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=BAF80CB1-4583-41C0-9174-56FC4FE231DC
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_banded_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=74BB6CCC-31B8-4B87-B529-8872BFBF7F0A
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_gaps_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=DF0D3C1D-B03D-4AC8-8BA4-B80717B95A1F
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_global_assignment1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=5FC1D187-7D86-428C-8FCF-636D6B96E037
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_global_assignment2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=EA58066B-6734-4616-97E0-FF36A57301EC
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_global_assignment3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=8006F39B-611D-440E-9E15-CABFE9096C76
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_global_assignment4_part1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4B69B3B0-AFD7-43F9-86FB-AB3DBD29235A
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_global_assignment4_part2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=DB318DD8-FD1C-4C30-8934-B97C21594F72
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_global_overlap_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4CCACB10-94B8-440F-B529-08EF97982FBD
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_global_specialised_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=6A7FDC70-0B35-42BC-A3BA-5484BA541BE1
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_global_standard_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=57E2F818-4702-47F7-85F8-886BB7DB8580
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_local_standard_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=15B5A47D-44E5-430B-8098-B44B2994D792
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_local_waterman_eggert_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=953585CA-4225-4E67-B3BB-32AF69A2AA53
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_msa_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C13F45A9-E45A-41C0-AF91-D937E5C1D260
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_msa_assignment1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1F46D8AF-8F21-4687-BECE-6134D8CD5C79
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_pairwise_global2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=43BE2416-8359-4FC1-A7BA-B189C3E98E39
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_pairwise_global_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=245A87F5-BF97-4A5B-BFB5-2E11D75B9FA4
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_pairwise_global_assignment1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=9374BA4D-679A-4838-A53E-E636AA913B35
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_pairwise_global_assignment2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=7B0E8E16-4AA5-4DBC-9CB2-4DB6C1509448
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_pairwise_local_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=2FE64F90-2DF3-4169-A111-3E6274BD768B
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_pairwise_local_assignment1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=84F3A538-7014-459B-B9A2-B980BEBAF176
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_representation_alignment_graph_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=5ECB5885-C19E-49F9-960D-FEF9208F47F7
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_representation_alignment_graph_assignment1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=6DFF2848-3ADE-4A95-AB55-13E9306388CB
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_pairwise_sequence_alignment_assignment5_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=92802BC5-3883-43FD-AABA-07EE5A58A40A
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_pairwise_sequence_alignment_assignment5_step1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=49EE3D20-D9F5-4777-832A-6D4BF71586D8
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_pairwise_sequence_alignment_assignment5_step2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=64439F2C-44F5-44A9-B936-6652765A77EC
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_pairwise_sequence_alignment_assignment5_step3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=18E923BD-D1BF-48A6-8147-2434E865AE57
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_pairwise_sequence_alignment_assignment5_step4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=5DA0D0DA-DCF4-432B-95BC-890944375AC4
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_pairwise_sequence_alignment_assignment5_step5_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D22610F7-3661-43EE-9EFE-76BC1F653BE8
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_pairwise_sequence_alignment_assignment5_step6_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=22100313-4354-4AA4-9136-3B53FAFB1776
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alphabets_alphabet_assignment_1_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D523F522-8DDD-4DAB-8B74-DF5A828B7799
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_annotation_store_assignment_1_hint_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=6FC771D7-5552-477D-B31C-D59B39BCECC6
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_annotation_store_assignment_1_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=5D076A58-8E95-4FC0-84B2-BEFAD654A446
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_annotation_store_assignment_2_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4BC314B8-7F8C-4EFC-8343-17E151FAE399
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_annotation_store_assignment_3_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=99489FFF-0C83-4312-9110-1A3247DA92DC
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_annotation_store_assignment_4_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E82C3D7B-5ED5-495E-9128-BB9E2897B860
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_bam_io_example1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=9AEC899D-4652-4367-81FC-28D8D9BC7AF7
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_bam_io_example2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=93F15114-D228-4B47-AD76-B1A88D299CEE
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_bam_io_example3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=2BCE08F3-E0D1-470A-B2E3-F2F08358DB4D
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_bam_io_example4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=12E3FB23-8E84-4513-B9AE-5901E09389DD
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_bam_io_example5_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=8B414E11-2D81-4615-8D80-4EA77FFD2FC3
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_bam_io_example6_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=346DF2FA-C8C6-4859-8211-E90B17946112
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_bam_io_example7_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C708CB9D-9BF2-49D7-AC88-ABD9F3444FF8
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_bam_io_solution1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F39ABA78-543B-40AA-9900-838E00EAFFF7
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_bam_io_solution2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=7996FF0C-A1E3-4774-951A-DADF02F99C9D
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_bam_io_solution3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=10D17C40-4A89-4658-A87A-532670231825
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sam_bam_io_example1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=FA88D30D-7247-4E7E-91B3-6F28B2A272C8
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sam_bam_io_example2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=19C97A4C-30F2-4A51-8DFD-693D243EF94F
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sam_bam_io_example3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=3F37CE85-1B68-4CB1-AF96-9EDF9A23AE8B
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sam_bam_io_solution1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=9E1051D2-C36C-4261-819F-FE6F864FDC51
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sam_bam_io_solution2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=03CF7F14-C377-47A9-8C08-8FD0450155C3
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sam_bam_io_solution3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=3FDD4EF8-45F3-4D74-BFF9-0DCE0C90D559
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sam_bam_io_solution4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=8F53FA7C-0269-462B-BD09-1D9F5F47F2E1
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sequence_io_example1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=0076E49F-613D-4367-9A2E-52636AD3F789
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sequence_io_example2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E5C4C933-CF86-4A46-8DDE-A21B19A9C8A2
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sequence_io_example3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=5F9C350B-AE04-4BCF-8327-2D6E6D42BC47
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sequence_io_solution1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E526A78C-D229-4C07-A731-72F5634686F5
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sequence_io_solution2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=57BDEABB-0D52-4884-A9C9-4B59A1AC6F2A
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sequence_io_solution3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=CED5C24A-89F7-4D99-BE24-9353C02F0918
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sequence_io_solution4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=BEFAC2ED-97BB-4819-9089-796F331AFE66
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sequence_io_solution5_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F6A568BC-BAA7-413E-BAA4-3D647D1F580B
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sequence_io_solution6_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=5E25A803-466E-4E35-9675-2C11B542D489
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basics_allocator_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=13F03461-6F02-4E38-8044-9FB46FF1617D
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basics_show_alphabets_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E3761B95-63F7-46E8-9033-1DD2B5078FED
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basics_strings_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=85AEA02F-FA6E-4A79-853E-839A6A844396
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basics_swap_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=5C31D0CE-665E-4CF9-9C25-5D4849CD4708
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_data_journaling_example_join_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=CBABB695-7792-4019-A009-7853C4B52BAD
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_data_journaling_example_journal_string_basic_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=40BD2C3A-ED20-4A10-9047-8959166781A0
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_data_journaling_example_online_search_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=7628499E-1158-4423-8D8B-D0E5CD1C2C5F
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_data_journaling_example_online_search_assignment1_hint_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=B0F6097E-9997-4212-A5CA-82B04492E603
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_data_journaling_example_online_search_assignment2_hint_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=AE572ECE-1A9D-430C-8A23-E62BCD112ADE
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_data_journaling_example_online_search_assignment3_hint_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=6C29E2D3-3CED-473A-BAF2-5B42B0EC9C87
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_data_journaling_example_online_search_assignment4_hint_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E8810149-A999-42C0-96D7-646424DB9C3B
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_data_journaling_solution_online_search_assignment1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D8B67695-71E0-4FEB-AC13-5B22A9DB131B
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_data_journaling_solution_online_search_assignment2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1813EA19-E2EC-45D3-9804-624E6A3871B3
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_data_journaling_solution_online_search_assignment3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=DE641C5E-2165-4EAB-8F1E-4C11BBA9991E
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_data_journaling_solution_online_search_assignment4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=B85F0D2B-22FB-48AD-AE9C-FA41C6BF8ACB
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_data_journaling_solution_online_search_finder_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=2511D521-9184-435B-89DF-5D58876345F8
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_file_io_example1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=5A2EC423-BE37-41A9-9A6D-AD18E53742CF
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_file_io_mmap_string_example_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=CA09EB9F-7BE3-4863-8B97-333BCCB4ACAF
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_file_io_solution1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=DCD520C9-F9D8-43CE-BA7D-EC1F4DF3D7BC
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_file_io_solution2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=DC2879F1-D4F1-4849-8E61-0B7D35F9C8FF
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_file_io_stream_compression_formats_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=7ED2A85E-0EC5-442F-A79C-F1CA34F6ECEE
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_find_find_approx_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1B2D958F-4E0B-4165-94C2-44B4866E9A27
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_find_find_assignment1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=7F8791D2-D31C-4519-B6C1-964443A7B091
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_find_find_assignment2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=54D0F258-643E-4E62-AAEB-B6635B667238
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_find_find_assignment3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D1C0316F-46EB-49B1-AE67-6B59A5F2BD80
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_find_find_exact_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=22E6366B-5BFF-4BE9-8AAD-FA40FF77E637
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_find_find_index_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C5E7E7EB-EA00-402E-9D44-78CD52172205
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_find_find_index_multiple_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=46308384-72A2-4011-8D0D-228E86175DF6
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_find_motif_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F15A355A-B9DB-4880-AFEA-F7A43BDE5D0F
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_find_motif_pms1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=FD645D85-D3C3-43E6-8241-C222225A336B
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_first_steps_basic_code_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=B7A5ADFA-4EBC-4BC7-A843-641A31A7702D
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_first_steps_basic_code_detailed_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E9B9E01E-6118-4FE6-9383-8FA7331D7DB7
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_first_steps_code_encapsulation_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=3C2E71F0-2A15-4944-846E-8578C1A424D2
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_first_steps_final_result_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D498A3EF-D2A2-4CDC-9102-1B294386EE04
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_first_steps_solution_1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=23E3B70D-C98E-4F93-9952-60A81700CC0D
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_first_steps_solution_2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=8F52BC8D-4F57-451F-8301-5E179457477C
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_first_steps_solution_3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F2D54483-06FB-409F-A6DF-6BB8A986995D
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_first_steps_solution_4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1C1D33CA-820E-4FB9-97B0-6B3959CD217E
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_first_steps_solution_5_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D6213D2D-75EA-4C7B-BCDB-405F9ABDF722
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_first_steps_solution_6_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=697DBFFC-6FF4-49A3-B733-57C5391A8BB1
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_graph_graph_algo_scc_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=BC648214-FF4C-496D-B355-7EC27D756621
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_graph_graph_dijkstra_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=531F5FF5-ABBB-4A2E-88DC-9BC99C2E77EE
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_graph_graph_hmm_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=276B3EF7-628F-4050-AD17-E20A389E9578
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_index_assignment1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C7447197-ABCB-4847-8C74-08812F9ADA34
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_index_assignment2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=A99087DA-B01E-4CE5-AF7D-F383B248EC30
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_index_assignment3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E741284D-5760-4782-A7F0-F25E8B811ABA
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_index_assignment4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=85962DC9-DA8A-4423-A198-CCC4EEADFA25
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_index_assignment5_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=CDD5A0A5-BF52-47CE-A107-4096C8E43C0E
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_index_assignment6_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=EFB398E2-D056-48D8-BB95-8F8A33A4B969
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_index_preorder_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=9CC92A9B-3277-4A17-8B47-41463DEA8B64
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_index_property_maps_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=DBB03FCE-9547-4BBA-94EB-664A1A77944A
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_index_qgram_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D5E2FA7D-5379-4BA3-8725-A62CC7CF62EE
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_index_search2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=B89DB85F-11EE-4390-B9DC-190570A863D4
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_index_search_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=26743AD2-F6EC-455B-97B7-39B05A42E11E
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_indices_assignment_1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=771453AA-CA51-4C99-B3E9-C4226FB19C1E
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_indices_assignment_2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1F2521E7-4324-48F9-AE83-6159B3D59057
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_iterator_solution1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=01987B27-F801-440B-9F37-635607DBF7F7
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_iterator_solution2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=02D90899-3912-4896-9F90-857F01D9FF0B
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_indexed_fasta_io_solution1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=2B51CD18-0720-42D2-AF80-49EDA69715AE
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_indexed_fasta_io_solution2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4208B1CC-1E72-47F9-BEBF-96449D25C2B9
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_iterators_iterators_assignment_1_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F0E4F5F9-CC55-4B18-B533-B3D780FA1346
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_iterators_iterators_assignment_2_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=8481E3FC-9A55-4756-AC6A-D4C0DFD186A1
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_iterators_iterators_assignment_3_workshop_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=9F062368-B0E2-4D58-BD43-6F7E9D3E2D38
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_iterators_iterators_assignment_4_workshop_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=7A00BBD6-B0CE-4634-BBF3-8583A14382B8
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_iterators_sequence_iterator_demo_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D7B34DAB-3E0D-4729-B37E-82EDEE05CEDF
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_lexical_casting_solution1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=3E5DBB63-69E0-4334-B321-D1AE71C46C29
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_mini_bowtie_mini_bowtie_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=990F3EB0-C052-435D-9918-1E15DA309B05
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_mini_bowtie_solution1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=2D727F62-3DC0-42E6-BCB0-C8E5D76374D7
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_mini_bowtie_solution2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=45C1EF59-EE3D-4775-96D8-5E4FD32AEDBF
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_mini_bowtie_solution3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=DB8B601D-8791-4BEF-88D7-06B2096B14DF
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_mini_bowtie_solution4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=5C5B14EA-0F35-4FC6-8234-8AF3A653B64C
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_mini_bowtie_solution5_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F69811D7-3B18-4499-AE92-CB98A097983E
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_parsing_example1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=5A1F95CA-84A9-4DB3-8D72-A732265217AA
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_parsing_parse_blastn_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=FF287F7A-3413-41C1-9906-4C1B6063A6E1
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_parsing_parse_gff2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=11E43381-891B-4BDC-A08E-EA8ED1F7E39B
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_parsing_parse_newick_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=ABE3DD7A-8BFB-4B90-93E1-C6E54DFAEF1F
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_parsing_reader_double_demo_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=344FE800-EC2C-4710-962C-0EECC039CCFB
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_parsing_reader_single_demo_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=0FED9895-BD33-418F-8687-52DFFA07AB99
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_parsing_solution1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=5C134244-27FE-4617-89C5-46FA4B22D509
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_parsing_solution2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4DDC16FB-161E-4137-B7A3-EDE02C80D3C6
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_parsing_solution3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=BC95892C-8FF2-446B-A082-3DDA61EC9EA1
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_random_random_examples_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=86AFF700-769A-4A75-B13E-7FABD7EC24B6
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_read_mapping_minimapper_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E836101A-13A2-47B3-9356-422703F2B27F
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_rnaseq_genequant_assignment1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=47886AFD-CF65-4469-A615-AEB16880E3C4
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_rnaseq_genequant_assignment2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F2539159-A75C-436E-BB63-C478BC7D0127
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_rnaseq_genequant_assignment3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=8883110B-260C-4871-9027-3F966EDC3E03
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_rnaseq_genequant_assignment4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C7CFBAE1-6177-4280-8D52-EBEE218B3CDA
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_rnaseq_genequant_assignment5_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F6117B26-E17B-4760-8028-2D317375B328
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_rnaseq_genequant_solution1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=8001CE70-C6DE-478F-A8FA-BEDB578691CA
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_rnaseq_genequant_solution2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=236ED49D-9D67-4308-A665-DDA59859593A
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_rnaseq_genequant_solution3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=2D4EF958-B2A3-4AFA-8695-09CB04EBC976
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_rnaseq_genequant_solution4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1F029597-E16B-46D0-B3B7-C861B7AD181A
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_rnaseq_genequant_solution5_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E1F12C58-F986-4517-8BCF-ED4999B1CC37
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_example1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=88396D5E-4A0A-40D6-B735-6E8CA93CEECF
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_example2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=8BD9391C-ACF6-4504-908A-9155BB5A2461
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_example3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=FAA13634-5886-4BB7-A6A7-CC2BD22B282E
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_example4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=EF87C0C0-1F58-430F-A53B-4F248331DC88
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_example5_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=47A93A1B-0036-4DCB-92F8-47D92A938D3F
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_example6_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=DB16D81B-D9BC-4A28-B8AE-81977C07D64D
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_example7_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C599189C-2A6B-48BB-97EA-8013498BA300
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_example8_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=613D340A-FCF2-4B23-88D0-780008F884F2
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_solution1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=948352C6-878D-4990-85E7-D3C4F0202C31
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_solution2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D63E49C9-4EA6-446B-B55E-216760A76ED7
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_solution3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=091CDC8A-A1D7-41B8-AC04-58E9B2B2327F
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_solution4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=6C6E53BA-65FC-4755-A4CB-114E97AF25CD
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_solution5_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=CEED1BE2-1211-4EE4-92B7-F4811454FA88
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_solution6_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=19DCD8F3-2750-46F1-9734-880F4188DD6A
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_solution7_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=145AE53D-B0E4-45C7-8D23-06BEA1616C68
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_count_characters_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=2081B684-F91A-42E6-8D15-5BA087E81227
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_count_generic_characters_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1C8CC46C-9279-4A31-88B9-C0197F854046
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_example1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=0D4F876A-F67B-4753-8139-1A1111C7FE89
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_example2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=9C4FB4F0-A85F-4A7A-B68A-AE15E36EF205
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_example3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=40B44BC2-100E-407D-9FAC-7833BA86626A
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_example4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=0387DF73-1C5E-44F0-A78C-601314626F0F
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_example5_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1EF11D52-6311-4E59-A55F-4FBD45E862DA
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_example6_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=A4755739-02D5-4DF0-B66F-F251B75AAB36
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_example7_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=0414A82E-85DA-43E3-B0F3-EEF1B09C41B9
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_example8_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D43F7F69-9BB3-4699-B49C-9CFC391A6C88
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_example9_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=69A7340F-18F3-415B-A638-BD9C252305E6
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_solution1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=0ABCA89E-5D09-4FA1-89BA-4FD0BD8E62F0
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_solution2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E71ACAF3-2175-405A-846C-A477A9F77E7B
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_solution3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F1C016DA-0B88-4C04-9924-F8674976FFD2
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_solution4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F5DE498B-C87C-4726-8539-7C6099C59813
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_solution5_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=30208D35-2324-4B59-A179-8FAF87FAB085
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_solution6_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=6514A37C-7562-4F84-9204-72BC32E9BE88
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_replace_as_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=28548E02-ECAB-46E1-81D9-7D034218E0FB
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_sequence_all_strings_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=39259E39-8F90-474C-AA32-B3040FEEB217
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_sequence_iterator_demo_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E8348395-D5A0-4F1B-8C8D-924309802518
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequences_in_depth_assignment_exact_generous_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E5C8DEA2-DDF8-4C59-8C16-5B7600CDED17
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequences_lexical_assignment_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=BA9E4AAB-6879-461C-875F-234B65E31070
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequences_segments_assignment_2_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=787A0804-4D2E-4157-918C-AFC9C757B404
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequences_segments_assignment_hint_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=51A72ABF-F14A-4217-A042-61CE3A8FBE06
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequences_segments_assignment_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E17FDB15-7F33-4979-A335-45F07E3500EB
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequences_string_assignment_1_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F6559769-3CA6-416C-9EE2-9EB92E69F9F9
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_store_store_access_aligned_reads2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=63A8A5D1-40D5-47AC-A1C5-6B36E562731E
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_store_store_access_aligned_reads_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=8B3E1C78-8655-451A-B4AA-D91EB6C0F2B8
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_store_store_diplay_aligned_reads_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1B79B0BB-C49A-4AC6-8BE8-6609AB6A46A8
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_stream_lexical_cast_example_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4DF558D0-72AA-4EFC-B9DC-E7DFFA3C3A08
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_stream_stream_read2_fastq_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=83CA7030-1B3D-443D-B5CB-529B95DAF3FE
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_stream_stream_read_record_auto_format_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1F9DE97A-75D7-442E-A755-7C74659B22F3
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_stream_stream_read_record_fasta_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=A1CB0A5A-2AF4-42F3-87E3-62A9FC73689D
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_string_sets_assignment_1_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=312F5404-5334-4A36-B5BB-EE88DA21AB8D
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_string_sets_assignment_2_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=DA0BAE42-8128-4CF8-AA3F-FEEB161484B1
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_string_sets_assignment_3_workshop_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4FFEAED7-8678-4014-BA69-9C2BE6B778F6
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_string_sets_assignment_3b_workshop_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4ED72E83-3C4B-4414-84A9-739BD55A853D
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_string_sets_assignment_4_workshop_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=8CDB653D-7200-422C-9F52-26776E4248EE
//Stored GUID
demo_zscore_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=BFAE2F26-F970-45EB-A6F2-D5BA5491DE62
//Stored GUID
dfi_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=005214BE-2A22-4287-86D0-62F813F9E52D
//Stored GUID
dna_simulation_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D0CF5043-CE26-46CC-BECF-13AE549668FF
//Stored GUID
docs_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=368468F2-A52A-4D09-87BC-4E7F89CF8E9D
//Stored GUID
first_app_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=2BF31090-40D5-4CAC-B522-14563198C026
//Stored GUID
gustaf_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=8CC58A3C-994F-4D4B-97A6-09947B77E60A
//Stored GUID
insegt_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=FAC69C0E-EE1F-4BED-ADCF-0AC34430954D
//Stored GUID
join_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=3A1F384F-7EBD-4C04-A9E2-7D50BA2DA084
//Stored GUID
masai_indexer_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=BC85312B-8AE0-4F96-941C-B829C5F571CF
//Stored GUID
masai_mapper_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=5F9A8A24-6869-41B0-A708-7424DC464A76
//Stored GUID
masai_output_pe_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=515DA896-3AFE-4C70-B240-E4489D4699A1
//Stored GUID
masai_output_se_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=5AEBBEF1-5577-45B9-BB92-040608C419A3
//Stored GUID
mason_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=555ADD9A-054D-4004-9B84-265BE5EF8BE7
//Stored GUID
micro_razers_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=03B3485D-C735-4D6F-B951-CF0980A1A525
//Stored GUID
pair_align_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=78D9E457-EF19-46D9-8A28-D33880255130
//Stored GUID
param_chooser_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=AEEEC295-4727-4EC4-AD56-F4092CE8CA79
//Stored GUID
probe_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1DEC01C1-86FD-4FC3-A4D4-B225B1CF3111
//Stored GUID
razers2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=047801C2-F74F-48C3-9EFB-788C307FF0E2
//Stored GUID
razers3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=CBECA717-7E1E-49A3-A43F-70557093892E
//Stored GUID
razers3_quality2prob_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=23DB6A70-73DE-41E5-AE14-D9B23588FD6E
//Stored GUID
razers3_simulate_reads_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C6921721-D231-4A41-8FA7-0D409B7E99C6
//Stored GUID
razers_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=86981F8F-86ED-4754-A264-33DF31D7975A
//Stored GUID
rep_sep_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=82822648-A04A-43B1-BF34-AB984070A75F
//Stored GUID
sak_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=6EBDC2D2-20D8-4AD5-9945-B4E5602C2B96
//Stored GUID
sak_doc_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=CD5BF0B3-B362-4CFA-BEDC-5DA21DDA4A5B
//Stored GUID
search_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E358DD4C-C1C9-4ED0-AD48-8FB9F4723AAC
//Stored GUID
seqan_core_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E3ADBA4B-DEED-4B9F-B9C9-D0F8428BF1A1
//Stored GUID
seqan_extras_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C20F5D4A-DD45-44C3-9FE1-47E6183C6939
//Stored GUID
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D04F3184-CE58-4D07-B26E-69FF95F0A796
//Stored GUID
seqan_sua_target_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=FE49D123-E998-4720-92A5-D403EB773B62
//Stored GUID
seqan_tcoffee_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=8BD82AA0-51C3-4ECD-AAC0-8CE0E5F3DEF9
//Stored GUID
seqcons_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=0D2FDB3E-BF32-4E77-9ABB-34346A939180
//Stored GUID
simulation_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=971D856C-05DC-4C87-83FC-E243FDF32D77
//Stored GUID
splazers_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=FC432C9D-E143-4BD7-BD4F-212077432EC4
//Stored GUID
stellar_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=51270EAF-064D-4363-9991-308EA0910DD9
//Stored GUID
testBlastX_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=2A581DE6-4D6C-4E25-B2CA-63CBA1C19175
//Stored GUID
test_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=24573971-1C79-4F98-ABD2-05678CBBEADF
//Stored GUID
test_align_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=AD623AA3-713B-469E-BA6F-9C3973E7F835
//Stored GUID
test_align_split_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=2AFBA26A-B02D-46BD-8006-BD21660B791F
//Stored GUID
test_alignment_free_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E7004EA4-CBD2-4A63-9B81-C45542BD5DD5
//Stored GUID
test_arg_parse_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=EBFE20E0-804E-4A31-A45E-585FAEE3D77B
//Stored GUID
test_bam_io_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C1D2D5E6-FE6F-4E1E-97CC-A306997DCEF0
//Stored GUID
test_basic_aggregate_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=7278485E-950D-497D-A4BE-958BAB1D38A2
//Stored GUID
test_basic_allocator_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=61302FA8-6DC3-4BBA-A438-49C9DE92B98C
//Stored GUID
test_basic_alphabet_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=305ED684-5296-4913-893F-7C1F2A63024F
//Stored GUID
test_basic_concept_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=824BE7F2-1E81-4879-908D-3C19D13D3143
//Stored GUID
test_basic_container_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=57FC25BB-107B-4CAD-988F-E850125EE0D4
//Stored GUID
test_basic_fundamental_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=DB045EE2-5C4E-4271-BF13-E3E9CD7BF4B7
//Stored GUID
test_basic_iterator_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=88133FCC-CC82-4A75-B4CB-2E699F5E39D1
//Stored GUID
test_basic_math_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=9C72B2A4-08F0-4D58-B38B-19EF42F9BCA2
//Stored GUID
test_basic_metaprogramming_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=147AA218-90AC-461C-B474-78C39C6289C7
//Stored GUID
test_basic_parallelism_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=EEF15771-CBF7-458C-B690-CF4FC961052E
//Stored GUID
test_basic_proxy_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=548E45ED-8899-4979-AFA8-33C93E36A27A
//Stored GUID
test_basic_smart_pointer_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1339E813-367A-4A92-A326-1697C473B7CA
//Stored GUID
test_bed_io_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1E707B7C-1DCB-4B72-B8E4-B7FF1328A96F
//Stored GUID
test_consensus_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C0754874-2A65-42CA-9E91-AD8E8FF22B8D
//Stored GUID
test_file_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=6D6D6B83-31AA-46C4-AE3A-A85B26D8E797
//Stored GUID
test_find_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=CD45B7B9-6F12-4D8F-9572-B5AD9F79EB65
//Stored GUID
test_find_motif_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=9DD0D635-21BE-4B24-A856-23677F2A714C
//Stored GUID
test_find_swift_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=35E3AD00-C846-4F35-85F3-52096CAE6A9F
//Stored GUID
test_funcs_param_chooser_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4BFC5B49-5FB0-41B4-8510-596F6EE4727F
//Stored GUID
test_gff_io_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=5ED18186-FE5D-4B36-8E18-9642246A2AC1
//Stored GUID
test_graph_algorithms_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=7613715C-0624-4634-BFEB-32978268A9C0
//Stored GUID
test_graph_align_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=9EA1C2FA-8A2F-4D29-9958-8F8BFA32F4CF
//Stored GUID
test_graph_msa_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D42D4734-7E39-464E-BE83-C43FB45AAC19
//Stored GUID
test_graph_types_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=7B0275C8-FEDB-4E77-84CE-D1700D69C96C
//Stored GUID
test_index_creation_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F0EB626E-7526-46F9-926C-7C216F5CA12F
//Stored GUID
test_index_crosscompare_char_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=CAF95123-1B80-4F0B-A881-AA09D8D39F66
//Stored GUID
test_index_crosscompare_char_dfi_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=DFDAC846-3F8F-4C59-9877-98196BC16686
//Stored GUID
test_index_crosscompare_dna_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=8DE67A2D-296D-4DA4-A2D9-5E1DCB247FF9
//Stored GUID
test_index_crosscompare_dna_dfi_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=0F68CFA6-830A-4C5D-9C86-B5D74E5AF027
//Stored GUID
test_index_drawing_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=5218826B-C192-4B36-A233-693531E8084D
//Stored GUID
test_index_fm_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4A5F4E89-AF9B-4767-9FB9-568B549E7373
//Stored GUID
test_index_fm_rank_dictionary_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=9DC4BD03-0BA8-4230-9F90-0FF40B25E385
//Stored GUID
test_index_qgram_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=31CD8015-8199-44AC-A1F0-389ABBEE4C9A
//Stored GUID
test_index_repeats_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=82669544-3962-400D-8746-863A03EF6878
//Stored GUID
test_index_sa_bwtwalk_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=A69AFF3B-4296-45E8-8391-ED33A129C0CA
//Stored GUID
test_index_shapes_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=24FC8241-3583-4DEE-9D88-142209E5F716
//Stored GUID
test_index_stree_iterators_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C29E72CA-A6F1-4E93-A60D-EE9DA1F19640
//Stored GUID
test_map_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D4D5C0E1-8C3E-488C-8CBF-07EF28585D81
//Stored GUID
test_misc_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=B34EBFDB-041D-44EA-9CD3-5B96363EDBC8
//Stored GUID
test_misc_cmdparser_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=EC0429EB-F02D-4B7A-9FDB-4BDD961275A8
//Stored GUID
test_modifier_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=03C7D046-D008-483F-8906-02B2C2C7F59B
//Stored GUID
test_multiple_translation_units_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=42522698-01D5-4CBE-A1A4-04EE1E015EE4
//Stored GUID
test_parallel_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=87B446DE-2BCF-41F4-8D8B-2874B3211D2A
//Stored GUID
test_parse_lm_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D42AC798-C955-45B9-8959-4D2F99860EAD
//Stored GUID
test_pipe_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=067C5C31-4145-4622-BAC6-DF7F2B492889
//Stored GUID
test_random_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F31DE554-7EE0-4ADF-B87B-4BE5E831DAC7
//Stored GUID
test_score_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=19FD1CF7-53C0-495A-B2B2-959C38FBE779
//Stored GUID
test_seeds_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=CAA33C2D-AB66-44F3-B6FD-5C0D7D5CA472
//Stored GUID
test_seq_io_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=9FF6180F-FCDF-43CD-BD52-405A4D4DBF5A
//Stored GUID
test_sequence_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E32B04BC-371C-4C2D-AEE4-73F9DDD82FF9
//Stored GUID
test_sequence_journaled_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E185050E-B4F9-4EFE-A386-9124B7E93E7E
//Stored GUID
test_statistics_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=976A21AF-385E-4A9F-A6B6-3222A8577FFF
//Stored GUID
test_store_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C3C1AD6B-19B4-4596-BF73-C94C6F7E59D9
//Stored GUID
test_stream_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=A7774EBA-1916-4807-BC8C-63D63A55D6F3
//Stored GUID
test_vcf_io_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=5976949F-1EDD-48D4-816B-1F9DD7228113
//Stored GUID
the_example_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F298F7BD-C8E7-4DB4-8718-54CD4B92D12B
//Stored GUID
the_example_test_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=BFC0C286-8922-44B5-8BD0-1FA17D566C0B
//Stored GUID
tree_recon_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=ACE8ED37-0FE6-419C-89E7-AF6F63E6E524
//Stored GUID
tutorial_10_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=8F10616E-DDBF-4DE2-A632-261711AD2371
//Stored GUID
tutorial_11_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=7BDDD70B-6B70-401F-BD4F-9D6DE86D8393
//Stored GUID
tutorial_12_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=BAF66009-1669-4212-874F-3CD63C0D0CF9
//Stored GUID
tutorial_13_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=9936D651-4CC2-46CB-9C64-69225FD687D5
//Stored GUID
tutorial_14_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=DF17BB8B-F279-4CCC-9C8C-74F65643F980
//Stored GUID
tutorial_15_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=DCE54AD4-398B-4BEA-A4F7-00EDAD3C8E35
//Stored GUID
tutorial_16_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E37AAFB5-1D7B-4577-8BB5-1DC330C52559
//Stored GUID
tutorial_17_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=93D32E0A-A111-4167-AD3C-A39075E7013E
//Stored GUID
tutorial_18_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=559FD2CE-0CA3-4A5F-B4A5-AC7405E17E8C
//Stored GUID
tutorial_19_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C2310199-5F98-482F-AC11-3291FF7AC24E
//Stored GUID
tutorial_1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C3AB455E-71D9-440D-8074-4395D91F95CA
//Stored GUID
tutorial_20_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=CF0B696C-044D-4C50-B800-6C8A1BBFC5A8
//Stored GUID
tutorial_21_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C76028FD-8DF9-4E54-AD47-85467EE82133
//Stored GUID
tutorial_22_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=88EFD4A1-6A24-44CC-A0D8-A45CB5A20524
//Stored GUID
tutorial_23_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=37D79032-EF1C-403E-BAE1-3E30ACF130C7
//Stored GUID
tutorial_24_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=927DD77D-2315-4E62-B5FC-7AF2CC1EC324
//Stored GUID
tutorial_25_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=651400FA-B83F-4C9D-BA06-912F19F1AD60
//Stored GUID
tutorial_2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F424F99E-35C4-4326-87DB-9E1EF0509935
//Stored GUID
tutorial_3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=2FC53271-71DB-4C5D-A231-21245DFAD510
//Stored GUID
tutorial_4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=5346BE84-D53E-4970-98DD-30FC24D58C14
//Stored GUID
tutorial_5_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=825846F0-D0A5-40BC-AC39-994DD2DF1CD9
//Stored GUID
tutorial_6_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=B2327D78-F9DD-4D67-AE9D-42713071C887
//Stored GUID
tutorial_7_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C7217A5D-473F-465D-8666-8D588454B6A3
//Stored GUID
tutorial_8_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=584211BB-9322-4485-99D8-55831A6DEA34
//Stored GUID
tutorial_9_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D8F0C566-21A2-4320-96D1-21528E6919CF
//Stored GUID
tutorial_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4D26C67D-5D80-491A-B7CB-99012F737E53
//Stored GUID
variant_comp_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F4D1FD76-42FD-41A8-8DC5-C87211C59C8D

