# This is the CMakeCache file.
# For build in directory: d:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10
# It was generated by CMake: D:/Informatik/CMake 2.8/bin/cmake.exe
# You can edit this file to change values found and used by cmake.
# If you do not want to change any of the values, simply exit the editor.
# If you do want to change a value, simply edit, save, and exit the editor.
# The syntax for the file is as follows:
# KEY:TYPE=VALUE
# KEY is the name of a variable in the cache.
# TYPE is a hint to GUI's for the type of VALUE, DO NOT EDIT TYPE!.
# VALUE is the current value for the KEY.

########################
# EXTERNAL cache entries
########################

//Path to a file.
BZIP2_INCLUDE_DIR:PATH=BZIP2_INCLUDE_DIR-NOTFOUND

//Path to a library.
BZIP2_LIBRARY:FILEPATH=BZIP2_LIBRARY-NOTFOUND

//Path to a library.
BZIP2_LIBRARY_D:FILEPATH=BZIP2_LIBRARY_D-NOTFOUND

//The directory containing a CMake configuration file for Boost.
Boost_DIR:PATH=Boost_DIR-NOTFOUND

//Path to a file.
Boost_INCLUDE_DIR:PATH=Boost_INCLUDE_DIR-NOTFOUND

//Boost diagnostic define
Boost_LIB_DIAGNOSTIC_DEFINITIONS:STRING=-DBOOST_LIB_DIAGNOSTIC

//Choose the type of build, options are: Debug Release RelWithDebInfo
// ...
CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE:STRING=Release

//Semicolon separated list of supported configuration types, only
// supports Debug, Release, MinSizeRel, and RelWithDebInfo, anything
// else will be ignored.
CMAKE_CONFIGURATION_TYPES:STRING=Debug;Release;MinSizeRel;RelWithDebInfo

//Flags used by the compiler during all build types.
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS:STRING= /DWIN32 /D_WINDOWS /W3 /Zm1000 /GR /EHsc

//Flags used by the compiler during debug builds.
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_DEBUG:STRING=/D_DEBUG /MDd /Zi /Ob0 /Od /RTC1

//Flags used by the compiler during release minsize builds.
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL:STRING=/MD /O1 /Ob1 /D NDEBUG

//Flags used by the compiler during release builds (/MD /Ob1 /Oi
// /Ot /Oy /Gs will produce slightly less optimized but smaller
// files).
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_RELEASE:STRING=/MD /O2 /Ob2 /D NDEBUG

//Flags used by the compiler during Release with Debug Info builds.
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO:STRING=/MD /Zi /O2 /Ob1 /D NDEBUG

//Libraries linked by defalut with all C++ applications.
CMAKE_CXX_STANDARD_LIBRARIES:STRING=kernel32.lib user32.lib gdi32.lib winspool.lib shell32.lib ole32.lib oleaut32.lib uuid.lib comdlg32.lib advapi32.lib

//Flags used by the compiler during all build types.
CMAKE_C_FLAGS:STRING= /DWIN32 /D_WINDOWS /W3 /Zm1000

//Flags used by the compiler during debug builds.
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_DEBUG:STRING=/D_DEBUG /MDd /Zi /Ob0 /Od /RTC1

//Flags used by the compiler during release minsize builds.
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL:STRING=/MD /O1 /Ob1 /D NDEBUG

//Flags used by the compiler during release builds (/MD /Ob1 /Oi
// /Ot /Oy /Gs will produce slightly less optimized but smaller
// files).
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_RELEASE:STRING=/MD /O2 /Ob2 /D NDEBUG

//Flags used by the compiler during Release with Debug Info builds.
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO:STRING=/MD /Zi /O2 /Ob1 /D NDEBUG

//Libraries linked by defalut with all C applications.
CMAKE_C_STANDARD_LIBRARIES:STRING=kernel32.lib user32.lib gdi32.lib winspool.lib shell32.lib ole32.lib oleaut32.lib uuid.lib comdlg32.lib advapi32.lib

//Flags used by the linker.
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS:STRING=' /STACK:10000000 /machine:X86 '

//Flags used by the linker during debug builds.
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG:STRING=/debug /INCREMENTAL

//Flags used by the linker during release minsize builds.
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL:STRING=/INCREMENTAL:NO

//Flags used by the linker during release builds.
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE:STRING=/INCREMENTAL:NO

//Flags used by the linker during Release with Debug Info builds.
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO:STRING=/debug /INCREMENTAL

//Install path prefix, prepended onto install directories.
CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX:PATH=C:/Program Files (x86)/seqan

//Path to a program.
CMAKE_LINKER:FILEPATH=d:/Informatik/Microsoft Visual Studio 10.0/VC/bin/link.exe

//make program
CMAKE_MAKE_PROGRAM:FILEPATH=d:/INFORM~1/MICROS~1.0/Common7/IDE/devenv.com

//Flags used by the linker during the creation of modules.
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS:STRING=' /STACK:10000000 /machine:X86 '

//Flags used by the linker during debug builds.
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG:STRING=/debug /INCREMENTAL

//Flags used by the linker during release minsize builds.
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL:STRING=/INCREMENTAL:NO

//Flags used by the linker during release builds.
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE:STRING=/INCREMENTAL:NO

//Flags used by the linker during Release with Debug Info builds.
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO:STRING=/debug /INCREMENTAL

//Value Computed by CMake
CMAKE_PROJECT_NAME:STATIC=seqan

//RC compiler
CMAKE_RC_COMPILER:FILEPATH=rc

//Flags for Fortran compiler.
CMAKE_RC_FLAGS:STRING=' '

//Flags used by the linker during the creation of dll's.
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS:STRING=' /STACK:10000000 /machine:X86 '

//Flags used by the linker during debug builds.
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG:STRING=/debug /INCREMENTAL

//Flags used by the linker during release minsize builds.
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL:STRING=/INCREMENTAL:NO

//Flags used by the linker during release builds.
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE:STRING=/INCREMENTAL:NO

//Flags used by the linker during Release with Debug Info builds.
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO:STRING=/debug /INCREMENTAL

//If set, runtime paths are not added when installing shared libraries,
// but are added when building.
CMAKE_SKIP_INSTALL_RPATH:BOOL=OFF

//If set, runtime paths are not added when using shared libraries.
CMAKE_SKIP_RPATH:BOOL=OFF

//If true, cmake will use relative paths in makefiles and projects.
CMAKE_USE_RELATIVE_PATHS:BOOL=OFF

//If this value is on, makefiles will be generated without the
// .SILENT directive, and all commands will be echoed to the console
// during the make.  This is useful for debugging only. With Visual
// Studio IDE projects all commands are done without /nologo.
CMAKE_VERBOSE_MAKEFILE:BOOL=OFF

//Path to a program.
Java_JAR_EXECUTABLE:FILEPATH=D:/Informatik/Java/jdk1.7.0_10/bin/jar.exe

//Path to a program.
Java_JAVAC_EXECUTABLE:FILEPATH=D:/Informatik/Java/jdk1.7.0_10/bin/javac.exe

//Path to a program.
Java_JAVADOC_EXECUTABLE:FILEPATH=D:/Informatik/Java/jdk1.7.0_10/bin/javadoc.exe

//Path to a program.
Java_JAVAH_EXECUTABLE:FILEPATH=D:/Informatik/Java/jdk1.7.0_10/bin/javah.exe

//Path to a program.
Java_JAVA_EXECUTABLE:FILEPATH=D:/Informatik/Java/jdk1.7.0_10/bin/java.exe

//Path to a file.
LEMON_INCLUDE_DIR:PATH=LEMON_INCLUDE_DIR-NOTFOUND

//Path to a library.
LEMON_LIBRARY:FILEPATH=LEMON_LIBRARY-NOTFOUND

//LEMON root directory
LEMON_ROOT_DIR:PATH=

//C++ compiler flags for OpenMP parallization
OpenMP_CXX_FLAGS:STRING=/openmp

//C compiler flags for OpenMP parallization
OpenMP_C_FLAGS:STRING=/openmp

//Path to a program.
PYTHON_EXECUTABLE:FILEPATH=D:/Informatik/Python27_64/python.exe

//Version of the application.
SEQAN_APP_VERSION:STRING=0.0.0

//Build/Release mode to select. One of DEVELOP SEQAN_RELEASE, APP:${APP_NAME}.
// Defaults to DEVELOP.
SEQAN_BUILD_SYSTEM:STRING=DEVELOP

//Enable new sequence tests.
SEQAN_COMPILE_SEQUENCE_TESTS_V2:BOOL=OFF

//Set to ON to disable memory mapping of the reference genome index.
SEQAN_EXTRAS_MASAI_DISABLE_MMAP:BOOL=OFF

//Set to TRUE to enable nightly app releases.
SEQAN_NIGHTLY_RELEASE:BOOL=OFF

//Directory containing the generated plugin-sources for the SeqAn
// Workflow/KNIME package
WORKFLOW_PLUGIN_DIR:PATH=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/workflow_plugin_dir

//Path to a file.
ZLIB_INCLUDE_DIR:PATH=ZLIB_INCLUDE_DIR-NOTFOUND

//Path to a library.
ZLIB_LIBRARY:FILEPATH=ZLIB_LIBRARY-NOTFOUND

//Path to a library.
ZLIB_LIBRARY_D:FILEPATH=ZLIB_LIBRARY_D-NOTFOUND

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_dfi_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/core/apps/dfi

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_dfi_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/core/apps/dfi

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_mason_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/core/apps/mason

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_mason_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/core/apps/mason

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_micro_razers_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/core/apps/micro_razers

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_micro_razers_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/core/apps/micro_razers

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_pair_align_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/core/apps/pair_align

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_pair_align_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/core/apps/pair_align

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_rabema_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/core/apps/rabema

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_rabema_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/core/apps/rabema

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_razers2_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/core/apps/razers2

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_razers2_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/core/apps/razers2

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_razers_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/core/apps/razers

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_razers_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/core/apps/razers

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_sak_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/core/apps/sak

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_sak_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/core/apps/sak

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_seqan_tcoffee_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/core/apps/seqan_tcoffee

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_seqan_tcoffee_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/core/apps/seqan_tcoffee

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_seqcons_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/core/apps/seqcons

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_seqcons_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/core/apps/seqcons

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_snp_store_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/core/apps/snp_store

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_snp_store_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/core/apps/snp_store

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_splazers_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/core/apps/splazers

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_splazers_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/core/apps/splazers

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_stellar_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/core/apps/stellar

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_stellar_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/core/apps/stellar

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_tree_recon_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/core/apps/tree_recon

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_tree_recon_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/core/apps/tree_recon

//Value Computed by CMake
extras__apps_gustaf_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/extras/apps/gustaf

//Value Computed by CMake
extras__apps_gustaf_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/extras/apps/gustaf

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_alf_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/extras/apps/alf

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_alf_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/extras/apps/alf

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_breakpoint_calculator_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/extras/apps/breakpoint_calculator

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_breakpoint_calculator_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/extras/apps/breakpoint_calculator

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_insegt_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/extras/apps/insegt

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_insegt_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/extras/apps/insegt

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_masai_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/extras/apps/masai

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_masai_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/extras/apps/masai

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_param_chooser_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/extras/apps/param_chooser

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_param_chooser_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/extras/apps/param_chooser

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_razers3_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/extras/apps/razers3

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_razers3_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/extras/apps/razers3

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_rep_sep_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/extras/apps/rep_sep

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_rep_sep_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/extras/apps/rep_sep

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_sgip_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/extras/apps/sgip

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_sgip_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/extras/apps/sgip

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_variant_comp_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/extras/apps/variant_comp

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_variant_comp_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/extras/apps/variant_comp

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/core

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/core

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_apps_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/core/apps

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_apps_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/core/apps

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_demos_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/core/demos

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_demos_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/core/demos

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/core/tests

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/core/tests

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_align_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/core/tests/align

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_align_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/core/tests/align

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_arg_parse_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/core/tests/arg_parse

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_arg_parse_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/core/tests/arg_parse

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_bam_io_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/core/tests/bam_io

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_bam_io_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/core/tests/bam_io

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_basic_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/core/tests/basic

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_basic_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/core/tests/basic

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_consensus_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/core/tests/consensus

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_consensus_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/core/tests/consensus

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_file_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/core/tests/file

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_file_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/core/tests/file

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_find_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/core/tests/find

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_find_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/core/tests/find

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_find_swift_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/core/tests/swift_local

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_find_swift_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/core/tests/swift_local

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_gff_io_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/core/tests/gff_io

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_gff_io_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/core/tests/gff_io

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_graph_algorithms_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/core/tests/graph_algorithms

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_graph_algorithms_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/core/tests/graph_algorithms

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_graph_align_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/core/tests/graph_align

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_graph_align_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/core/tests/graph_align

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_graph_msa_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/core/tests/graph_msa

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_graph_msa_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/core/tests/graph_msa

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_graph_types_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/core/tests/graph_types

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_graph_types_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/core/tests/graph_types

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_index_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/core/tests/index

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_index_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/core/tests/index

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_map_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/core/tests/map

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_map_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/core/tests/map

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_misc_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/core/tests/misc

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_misc_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/core/tests/misc

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_modifier_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/core/tests/modifier

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_modifier_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/core/tests/modifier

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_parallel_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/core/tests/parallel

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_parallel_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/core/tests/parallel

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_pipe_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/core/tests/pipe

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_pipe_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/core/tests/pipe

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_random_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/core/tests/random

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_random_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/core/tests/random

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_score_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/core/tests/score

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_score_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/core/tests/score

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_seeds_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/core/tests/seeds

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_seeds_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/core/tests/seeds

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_seq_io_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/core/tests/seq_io

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_seq_io_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/core/tests/seq_io

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_sequence_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/core/tests/sequence

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_sequence_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/core/tests/sequence

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_sequence_journaled_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/core/tests/sequence_journaled

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_sequence_journaled_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/core/tests/sequence_journaled

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_store_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/core/tests/store

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_store_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/core/tests/store

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_stream_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/core/tests/stream

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_stream_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/core/tests/stream

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_docs_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/docs

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_docs_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/docs

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/extras

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/extras

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_apps_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/extras/apps

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_apps_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/extras/apps

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_apps_searchjoin_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/extras/apps/searchjoin

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_apps_searchjoin_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/extras/apps/searchjoin

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_demos_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/extras/demos

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_demos_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/extras/demos

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/extras/tests

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/extras/tests

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_align_split_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/extras/tests/align_split

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_align_split_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/extras/tests/align_split

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_alignment_free_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/extras/tests/alignment_free

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_alignment_free_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/extras/tests/alignment_free

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_bed_io_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/extras/tests/bed_io

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_bed_io_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/extras/tests/bed_io

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_find_motif_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/extras/tests/find_motif

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_find_motif_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/extras/tests/find_motif

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_multiple_translation_units_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/extras/tests/multiple_translation_units

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_multiple_translation_units_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/extras/tests/multiple_translation_units

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_parse_lm_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/extras/tests/parse_lm

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_parse_lm_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/extras/tests/parse_lm

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_statistics_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/extras/tests/statistics

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_statistics_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/extras/tests/statistics

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_vcf_io_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/extras/tests/vcf_io

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_vcf_io_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/extras/tests/vcf_io

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/sandbox

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/sandbox

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_group1_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/sandbox/gruppe1

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_group1_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/sandbox/gruppe1

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_group1_apps_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/sandbox/gruppe1/apps

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_group1_apps_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/sandbox/gruppe1/apps

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_group1_demos_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/sandbox/gruppe1/demos

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_group1_demos_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/sandbox/gruppe1/demos

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_group1_tests_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/sandbox/gruppe1/tests

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_group1_tests_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/sandbox/gruppe1/tests

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_gruppe1_apps_PEMer_Lite_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/sandbox/gruppe1/apps/PEMer_Lite

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_gruppe1_apps_PEMer_Lite_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/sandbox/gruppe1/apps/PEMer_Lite

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_gruppe1_apps_saminput_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/sandbox/gruppe1/apps/saminput

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_gruppe1_apps_saminput_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/sandbox/gruppe1/apps/saminput

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_gruppe1_tests_PEMer_Lite_header_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/sandbox/gruppe1/tests/PEMer_Lite_header

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_gruppe1_tests_PEMer_Lite_header_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/sandbox/gruppe1/tests/PEMer_Lite_header

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_mysandbox_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/sandbox/mysandbox

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_mysandbox_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/sandbox/mysandbox

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_mysandbox_apps_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/sandbox/mysandbox/apps

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_mysandbox_apps_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/sandbox/mysandbox/apps

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_mysandbox_apps_eigth_app_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/sandbox/mysandbox/apps/eigth_app

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_mysandbox_apps_eigth_app_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/sandbox/mysandbox/apps/eigth_app

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_mysandbox_apps_eleven_app_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/sandbox/mysandbox/apps/eleven.app

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_mysandbox_apps_eleven_app_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/sandbox/mysandbox/apps/eleven.app

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_mysandbox_apps_first_app_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/sandbox/mysandbox/apps/first_app

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_mysandbox_apps_first_app_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/sandbox/mysandbox/apps/first_app

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_mysandbox_apps_five_app_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/sandbox/mysandbox/apps/five_app

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_mysandbox_apps_five_app_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/sandbox/mysandbox/apps/five_app

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_mysandbox_apps_fourth_app_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/sandbox/mysandbox/apps/fourth_app

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_mysandbox_apps_fourth_app_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/sandbox/mysandbox/apps/fourth_app

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_mysandbox_apps_nine_app_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/sandbox/mysandbox/apps/nine.app

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_mysandbox_apps_nine_app_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/sandbox/mysandbox/apps/nine.app

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_mysandbox_apps_second_app_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/sandbox/mysandbox/apps/second_app

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_mysandbox_apps_second_app_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/sandbox/mysandbox/apps/second_app

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_mysandbox_apps_seven_app_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/sandbox/mysandbox/apps/seven_app

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_mysandbox_apps_seven_app_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/sandbox/mysandbox/apps/seven_app

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_mysandbox_apps_six_app_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/sandbox/mysandbox/apps/six_app

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_mysandbox_apps_six_app_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/sandbox/mysandbox/apps/six_app

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_mysandbox_apps_ten_app_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/sandbox/mysandbox/apps/ten.app

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_mysandbox_apps_ten_app_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/sandbox/mysandbox/apps/ten.app

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_mysandbox_apps_the_example_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/sandbox/mysandbox/apps/the_example

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_mysandbox_apps_the_example_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/sandbox/mysandbox/apps/the_example

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_mysandbox_apps_third_app_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/sandbox/mysandbox/apps/third_app

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_mysandbox_apps_third_app_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/sandbox/mysandbox/apps/third_app

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_mysandbox_apps_twelve_app_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/sandbox/mysandbox/apps/twelve.app

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_mysandbox_apps_twelve_app_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/sandbox/mysandbox/apps/twelve.app

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_mysandbox_demos_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/sandbox/mysandbox/demos

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_mysandbox_demos_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/sandbox/mysandbox/demos

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_mysandbox_tests_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/sandbox/mysandbox/tests

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_mysandbox_tests_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/sandbox/mysandbox/tests

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_projekt_sandbox_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/sandbox/projekt_sandbox

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_projekt_sandbox_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/sandbox/projekt_sandbox

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_projekt_sandbox_apps_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/sandbox/projekt_sandbox/apps

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_projekt_sandbox_apps_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/sandbox/projekt_sandbox/apps

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_projekt_sandbox_apps_samproducer_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/sandbox/projekt_sandbox/apps/samproducer

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_projekt_sandbox_apps_samproducer_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/sandbox/projekt_sandbox/apps/samproducer

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_projekt_sandbox_apps_samreader_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/sandbox/projekt_sandbox/apps/samreader

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_projekt_sandbox_apps_samreader_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/sandbox/projekt_sandbox/apps/samreader

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_projekt_sandbox_demos_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/sandbox/projekt_sandbox/demos

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_projekt_sandbox_demos_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/sandbox/projekt_sandbox/demos

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_projekt_sandbox_tests_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10/sandbox/projekt_sandbox/tests

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_projekt_sandbox_tests_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn/sandbox/projekt_sandbox/tests


########################
# INTERNAL cache entries
########################

//Stored GUID
ALL_BUILD_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=41976446-A7BE-4C2D-8521-CA15D4CF890A
//ADVANCED property for variable: BZIP2_INCLUDE_DIR
BZIP2_INCLUDE_DIR-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: Boost_INCLUDE_DIR
Boost_INCLUDE_DIR-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_BUILD_TOOL
CMAKE_BUILD_TOOL-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//What is the target build tool cmake is generating for.
CMAKE_BUILD_TOOL:INTERNAL=d:/INFORM~1/MICROS~1.0/Common7/IDE/devenv.com
//This is the directory where this CMakeCache.txt was created
CMAKE_CACHEFILE_DIR:INTERNAL=d:/Informatik/Development/seqan-trunk-build/v10
//Major version of cmake used to create the current loaded cache
CMAKE_CACHE_MAJOR_VERSION:INTERNAL=2
//Minor version of cmake used to create the current loaded cache
CMAKE_CACHE_MINOR_VERSION:INTERNAL=8
//Patch version of cmake used to create the current loaded cache
CMAKE_CACHE_PATCH_VERSION:INTERNAL=10
//Path to CMake executable.
CMAKE_COMMAND:INTERNAL=D:/Informatik/CMake 2.8/bin/cmake.exe
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_CONFIGURATION_TYPES
CMAKE_CONFIGURATION_TYPES-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//Path to cpack program executable.
CMAKE_CPACK_COMMAND:INTERNAL=D:/Informatik/CMake 2.8/bin/cpack.exe
//Path to ctest program executable.
CMAKE_CTEST_COMMAND:INTERNAL=D:/Informatik/CMake 2.8/bin/ctest.exe
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_DEBUG
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_DEBUG-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_RELEASE
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_RELEASE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_CXX_STANDARD_LIBRARIES
CMAKE_CXX_STANDARD_LIBRARIES-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_C_FLAGS
CMAKE_C_FLAGS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_C_FLAGS_DEBUG
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_DEBUG-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_C_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_C_FLAGS_RELEASE
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_RELEASE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_C_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_C_STANDARD_LIBRARIES
CMAKE_C_STANDARD_LIBRARIES-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//Path to cache edit program executable.
CMAKE_EDIT_COMMAND:INTERNAL=D:/Informatik/CMake 2.8/bin/cmake-gui.exe
//Executable file format
CMAKE_EXECUTABLE_FORMAT:INTERNAL=Unknown
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//Name of generator.
CMAKE_GENERATOR:INTERNAL=Visual Studio 10
//Start directory with the top level CMakeLists.txt file for this
// project
CMAKE_HOME_DIRECTORY:INTERNAL=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_LINKER
CMAKE_LINKER-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_MAKE_PROGRAM
CMAKE_MAKE_PROGRAM-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//number of local generators
CMAKE_NUMBER_OF_LOCAL_GENERATORS:INTERNAL=101
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_RC_COMPILER
CMAKE_RC_COMPILER-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
CMAKE_RC_COMPILER_WORKS:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_RC_FLAGS
CMAKE_RC_FLAGS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//Path to CMake installation.
CMAKE_ROOT:INTERNAL=D:/Informatik/CMake 2.8/share/cmake-2.8
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_SKIP_INSTALL_RPATH
CMAKE_SKIP_INSTALL_RPATH-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_SKIP_RPATH
CMAKE_SKIP_RPATH-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//Suppress Warnings that are meant for the author of the CMakeLists.txt
// files.
CMAKE_SUPPRESS_DEVELOPER_WARNINGS:INTERNAL=FALSE
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_USE_RELATIVE_PATHS
CMAKE_USE_RELATIVE_PATHS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_VERBOSE_MAKEFILE
CMAKE_VERBOSE_MAKEFILE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//Details about finding Java
FIND_PACKAGE_MESSAGE_DETAILS_Java:INTERNAL=[D:/Informatik/Java/jdk1.7.0_10/bin/java.exe][D:/Informatik/Java/jdk1.7.0_10/bin/jar.exe][D:/Informatik/Java/jdk1.7.0_10/bin/javac.exe][D:/Informatik/Java/jdk1.7.0_10/bin/javah.exe][D:/Informatik/Java/jdk1.7.0_10/bin/javadoc.exe][v1.7.0.10()]
//Details about finding PythonInterp
FIND_PACKAGE_MESSAGE_DETAILS_PythonInterp:INTERNAL=[D:/Informatik/Python27_64/python.exe][v2.7.4()]
//Stored GUID
INSTALL_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=28728F9E-8424-44EA-A25F-A62E2150F792
//ADVANCED property for variable: Java_JAR_EXECUTABLE
Java_JAR_EXECUTABLE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: Java_JAVAC_EXECUTABLE
Java_JAVAC_EXECUTABLE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: Java_JAVADOC_EXECUTABLE
Java_JAVADOC_EXECUTABLE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: Java_JAVAH_EXECUTABLE
Java_JAVAH_EXECUTABLE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: Java_JAVA_EXECUTABLE
Java_JAVA_EXECUTABLE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: LEMON_INCLUDE_DIR
LEMON_INCLUDE_DIR-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: LEMON_LIBRARY
LEMON_LIBRARY-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: OpenMP_CXX_FLAGS
OpenMP_CXX_FLAGS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: OpenMP_C_FLAGS
OpenMP_C_FLAGS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//Test OpenMP_FLAG_DETECTED
OpenMP_FLAG_DETECTED:INTERNAL=1
//Stored GUID
PEMer_Lite_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=B8A4F9BE-96B8-4BEC-8249-AD0F1D4CA786
//Stored GUID
PEMer_Lite_execute_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=5B8EA02F-A531-4C77-88C8-EE4F0321DD3F
//Stored GUID
PEMer_Lite_test_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=431198AF-5225-4285-AC7E-C69230DE6E46
//ADVANCED property for variable: PYTHON_EXECUTABLE
PYTHON_EXECUTABLE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//Stored GUID
RUN_TESTS_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=77A9F582-E5CD-42E0-83D8-E5BF7199CEFF
//Used legacy build system.
SEQAN_BUILD_SYSTEM_LEGACY:INTERNAL=OFF
SEQAN_CTD_EXECUTABLES:INTERNAL=dfi;pair_align;razers;razers2;sak;seqan_tcoffee;seqcons;stellar;tree_recon;alf;insegt;masai_indexer;masai_mapper;masai_output_se;masai_output_pe;razers3
//Root source directory.
SEQAN_ROOT_SOURCE_DIR:INTERNAL=D:/Informatik/Development/SeqAn
//Whether or not to expect the SeqAn build system with core/extras
// structure.
SEQAN_USE_SEQAN_BUILD_SYSTEM:INTERNAL=TRUE
//SeqAn major version.
SEQAN_VERSION_MAJOR:INTERNAL=1
//SeqAn minor version.
SEQAN_VERSION_MINOR:INTERNAL=4
//SeqAn patch version.
SEQAN_VERSION_PATCH:INTERNAL=0
//Whether version is a pre-release version version.
SEQAN_VERSION_PRE_RELEASE:INTERNAL=0
//SeqAn version string.
SEQAN_VERSION_STRING:INTERNAL=1.4.0
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_CMake Rules_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=BB3CA26D-B349-41FC-8C4C-F72466B1CD6E
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_Header Files_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=A80EE4CC-4D9E-4C77-A79C-BC66C0E2DB81
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_Object Files_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=9274FB12-2704-46BB-8848-7BF1E16E69A0
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_Resources_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=B838D638-C2A9-4A35-BFC0-C717E6140784
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_Source Files_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F1E7B7B5-7BF2-438F-82ED-08BB6EDE2ECD
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\align_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=6FFF1A47-FA10-43C6-9FB9-4AB151EC02F0
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\align_split_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=74812A0E-66A9-484C-A8DC-DC2BCFCA392A
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\alignment_free_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=50189624-26DB-4FAA-B729-C936C2B100FD
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\arg_parse_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=32B450A3-2F6A-4E59-AB0E-58196C4125CF
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\bam_io_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=9A001171-F681-4FF8-9F70-D53FACE3E50D
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\basic_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E726D864-9252-4808-8E91-A6A6790C6A6B
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\bed_io_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C66F99CF-C5BB-458B-9B36-AA88DAAE41ED
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\consensus_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=3722E35D-5555-4114-BD40-539F9EE27DB9
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\file_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=77200774-BD1E-4BED-BB1C-27C35C357E79
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\find_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=73D3DC82-D6DC-49B8-ADD3-6776F7731900
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\find_motif_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=EE038F36-B1C7-4CF0-B875-9250974284B8
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\gff_io_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=62E65512-4AAA-452D-B047-AD4D81C884A8
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\graph_algorithms_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=EE5F1AC5-27E1-4922-BE44-3D6F7397D3A8
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\graph_align_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=0BA396A3-3359-40E4-847B-0BC9C5601668
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\graph_msa_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=322916A4-8A20-44F6-BBDA-C6995D3F06CA
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\graph_types_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=AE1B7206-87FA-4485-BFEC-21B85483CF64
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\index_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=DCC26238-8B5B-475C-8849-3FA28A54F5C3
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\journaled_set_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=9BA18226-D98A-4D90-BAC3-E845AA39F1AC
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\map_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=67EC6D69-3F91-4FBE-A598-1DAED8B3472E
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\math_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=B951718E-472F-45EA-AB7C-D3EE46EA9E29
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\misc_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4B3F35B3-4BD6-43C1-A057-621A2D568DA9
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\modifier_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=90C4C527-2953-4F5E-9A78-0449A207A313
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\parallel_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=0386C67B-5079-49F4-8FCA-E38500070FFE
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\parse_lm_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=06580AE5-050B-4675-8FC9-861EFC6E7CDC
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\pipe_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=AF573D4B-2A6D-4A9C-9BF0-EC185D9B6250
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\platform_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=BF059E17-390D-476B-8521-1F65410DED5E
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\random_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=35DF9DB5-5A6C-4C61-B3DC-7C24EF97242F
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\score_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=6984A9E5-B31C-4E74-B859-2887E70BF35B
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\seeds_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=B9BBAAB7-546D-45D5-A122-ECA787F4964C
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\seq_io_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=51BE16E8-AA71-47C8-BEE9-596DCE402C1E
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\sequence_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4E47C47C-B72D-42F5-ACEC-F38F8D79A49B
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\sequence_journaled_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=14F0AC48-04BD-4024-A237-84DA79E2CC36
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\statistics_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D927DFCB-0BAE-44E6-B26B-EB773E344C80
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\store_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C0F9C689-D900-4B00-A114-CB5CEA66D7A0
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\stream_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=03B4DA8D-03E0-40CE-8866-9C227BFFE984
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\system_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=FD08A363-66D7-47DC-BCE9-10A1763B075F
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\vcf_io_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=94194A92-4333-4C06-9445-A14BCC855C42
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=45A146EC-3E8B-412B-A3A4-0C80A6723E41
//Stored GUID
ZERO_CHECK_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=BFA70DCF-B9D2-403F-94AC-CF65FD9AFE79
//ADVANCED property for variable: ZLIB_INCLUDE_DIR
ZLIB_INCLUDE_DIR-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: ZLIB_LIBRARY
ZLIB_LIBRARY-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//Result of TRY_COMPILE
_SEQAN_COMPILE_RESULT:INTERNAL=TRUE
//ADVANCED property for variable: _SEQAN_HAVE_EXECINFO
_SEQAN_HAVE_EXECINFO-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//Have includes execinfo.h
_SEQAN_HAVE_EXECINFO:INTERNAL=
//Result of TRY_RUN
_SEQAN_RUN_RESULT:INTERNAL=0
//Stored GUID
alf_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=060F0D06-A053-4364-AE29-1494EC5B0326
//Stored GUID
demo_align_gaps_clipping_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E5900384-CF29-4884-BA40-104748D96802
//Stored GUID
demo_alignment_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=37B0040F-0CB8-478C-AAC3-E93890E95061
//Stored GUID
demo_alignment_local_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=5A5AABEE-97DE-47D6-B36B-8A201C9498D7
//Stored GUID
demo_alignment_msa_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=A16043BF-5056-4BC3-B01F-3816D5963B90
//Stored GUID
demo_allocator_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C51325C1-B969-484E-94FF-84DE7DBC6D62
//Stored GUID
demo_alphabet_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=CC6F6C4C-8B12-40E3-B969-C6B4A8B6E117
//Stored GUID
demo_annotation_converter_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=01B6B477-61AC-466F-882D-C5FBCDB381FF
//Stored GUID
demo_arg_align_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=8830832A-8CA0-45B8-BBB0-E07B37BE44B3
//Stored GUID
demo_arg_parse_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F9AA5138-199B-48F8-AF99-46EA922D0094
//Stored GUID
demo_bam_library_size_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=6A10A911-2B45-48AD-B02F-0544F0A5A4E4
//Stored GUID
demo_bam_print_alignments_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1CB95D19-8488-4E89-9A9F-767CE922CBEF
//Stored GUID
demo_bam_stats_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D39C1E8E-E429-466A-87DC-C5B237B52E6D
//Stored GUID
demo_bamutil_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=348B997A-DFA5-45FF-BAD7-1917B301205A
//Stored GUID
demo_basic_enable_if_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=FABE4EB5-6745-4BED-BFF2-9E8DF5A40241
//Stored GUID
demo_basic_metaprogramming_control_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C65DF049-E79F-491A-97D9-310E123F841A
//Stored GUID
demo_basic_metaprogramming_logic_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=CA36779C-A342-4F0D-9D27-54067D424359
//Stored GUID
demo_basic_metaprogramming_math_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=37C65FCE-6365-4351-97BD-26220DF764F5
//Stored GUID
demo_basic_metaprogramming_switch_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=33E2F84D-1BFB-4F08-B533-397960E2C1FB
//Stored GUID
demo_benchmark_stream_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=CB312B0F-A02E-42A8-BF81-871F03765295
//Stored GUID
demo_benchmark_stream_write_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=166DE434-9997-45F2-94B9-9AADCC06401F
//Stored GUID
demo_enumerate_strings_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=2BFB15A8-257B-46BB-BB23-FE484CB6A3D3
//Stored GUID
demo_example_seq_io_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=FB1B1694-D3E4-478E-8C4D-37D1D93B9499
//Stored GUID
demo_file_format_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=216A8E15-5D2E-44CE-B6D7-D392B31EECED
//Stored GUID
demo_file_readwrite_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=31136A70-D708-4D62-9892-4B231384D8CD
//Stored GUID
demo_file_speed_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=CE357E9E-B1FB-49E0-A97A-48C30153C86B
//Stored GUID
demo_filter_sam_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=A7C572CF-2D97-4BBC-BFF1-A357C6A9224C
//Stored GUID
demo_find_approx_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=FB668E90-1A11-4991-9D71-A0CEA94EF6EB
//Stored GUID
demo_find_exact_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=75FFC461-62F4-41AD-83FA-EC2E57C5596F
//Stored GUID
demo_find_motif_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=3CC00EFB-D5CC-4F56-8C70-3CE2FFF630C4
//Stored GUID
demo_find_wild_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=9789B33F-C9BA-4470-9194-6E9015611D29
//Stored GUID
demo_gff2gtf_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D5C9A0D3-09DD-42FC-A77A-ACA81D55B8C5
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_bfs_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=A32264D8-980E-4DC9-9FE2-45F9D17D5125
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_dfs_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4B5027B4-B847-4237-99A3-221CB4D96BC1
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_flow_fordfulkerson_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E6EB802D-433D-44F4-92C7-11B725F9624D
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_his_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F1A50402-DC1F-429C-95B1-311F907A27A7
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_lcs_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=CC6BE7A8-9840-4A54-8981-F26AE4B60A17
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_lis_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E4650B05-7E24-48DD-AFC5-D4CF209A6307
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_path_allpairs_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=38AC89D1-237C-47F5-A4FF-7F83C2735A1F
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_path_bellmanford_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F3E4EE80-72C7-4A96-9963-A443C4767D45
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_path_dag_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=85521CFE-BD6E-4F6F-97DB-5DE2F331DE7A
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_path_dijkstra_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=2C2B21C4-27F8-4C77-8068-6E65EEFD83F4
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_path_floydwarshall_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=94AEE606-71F2-428D-A0A3-1CD75C36BB48
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_path_transitive_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=AA122D22-BA39-4973-9B12-38585C176495
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_scc_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=2204E9CE-3F8C-4FE8-8078-1D741B5EE401
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_topsort_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E70EF4B4-6C3C-4075-B86E-0FEA6333EB5A
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_tree_kruskal_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=8E51802F-A41F-40FF-9AD9-F1F4D468AE70
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_tree_prim_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C01F26E2-FD31-479C-A496-5A5F868711E2
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_hmm_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1CC9D24A-1630-4773-907D-2D95A29255A2
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_hmm_silent_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=6C0780F2-C754-4B3F-8811-0FDB9919F887
//Stored GUID
demo_howto_clip_alignments_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=346D9DAA-CAFB-4925-BE0D-4E9C32BD015B
//Stored GUID
demo_howto_cmdparser_example_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4958555D-92B0-4045-BDB7-04535E0461A3
//Stored GUID
demo_howto_efficiently_import_sequences_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=B7C3E5FC-5FC6-4BED-A0AC-909DD52C3542
//Stored GUID
demo_howto_filter_similar_sequences_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=703570B3-7958-43F1-98FF-C80A717EF842
//Stored GUID
demo_howto_scores_init_score_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=CDF54E1D-C864-4A35-8EAD-28678625CADE
//Stored GUID
demo_howto_scores_load_score_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E65E7144-5AE5-414F-9FCD-3F876DA58E42
//Stored GUID
demo_index_counting_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E4FDDBAE-85FE-4BE5-A473-78439E9F5148
//Stored GUID
demo_index_find_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=AD046659-B6CB-42EB-AE87-D924B95E9EB8
//Stored GUID
demo_index_find_stringset_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=7B06616A-C743-4EC2-AE09-002185F81781
//Stored GUID
demo_index_lcp_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=0E72D578-E634-45D2-87FD-7BBB2BEF1F70
//Stored GUID
demo_index_maxrepeats_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=074F59FF-031D-437C-B94B-38F6478B6DBD
//Stored GUID
demo_index_mummy_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=7F572FA7-38B8-4F08-941F-E33A6FCE54D4
//Stored GUID
demo_index_mums_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=93D979BA-C502-4200-B11D-BD72311DC2CF
//Stored GUID
demo_index_node_predicate_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=7E7DD77F-179C-4D4A-B4EA-A6F4E9AB975D
//Stored GUID
demo_index_qgram_counts_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=A0815AF5-8258-4F51-9E02-B84421C7978F
//Stored GUID
demo_index_sufarray_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C2303B8E-A313-42BE-AFFC-C747ED082709
//Stored GUID
demo_index_supermaxrepeats_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=2B6884AF-F844-4C31-9FE4-C742BA2117C0
//Stored GUID
demo_interval_tree_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=357521B5-5692-4504-B3C3-E1747AAB36A5
//Stored GUID
demo_iterator_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=A7CFB59A-8BBF-4B60-8EFB-5E990F764954
//Stored GUID
demo_modifier_modreverse_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=95AF3E6D-2824-4F99-A510-405BD666418F
//Stored GUID
demo_modifier_modview_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=CD0B4E6A-CAD6-46FE-8A55-5F2F2CFD870E
//Stored GUID
demo_modifier_nested_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4B4A721F-6586-4016-A01C-F1A256B670DC
//Stored GUID
demo_parse_lm_stellar_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=229A1876-4A83-4B6C-951A-4675995211AE
//Stored GUID
demo_pipe_sort_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=457ACCD2-ADD1-4D6D-8A2E-481DD092D020
//Stored GUID
demo_repeats_demo_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D755F432-C017-49EB-A2E8-608C17069A44
//Stored GUID
demo_rooted_iterator_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=A7D05322-965B-4F58-81EC-17010D14997E
//Stored GUID
demo_sam2svg_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1E0C2F88-74F7-40DB-AF6F-D7249A48FDA1
//Stored GUID
demo_sample_seqs_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=FE6A50EF-44AE-4056-A642-C837302FDB90
//Stored GUID
demo_seeds_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=A6053006-592A-4496-AA43-02D141B5DD87
//Stored GUID
demo_segmentalignment_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=5182F30C-953C-4120-938F-91CB72971A4C
//Stored GUID
demo_sequence_length_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=081E73E1-2261-4233-B45F-00A37C6DF6E0
//Stored GUID
demo_sequence_segment_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=DA653B53-6125-422B-A9C2-8ACD815E21B0
//Stored GUID
demo_sequence_string_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=CD89F462-0C9E-41EA-80A5-AE6F7750B86C
//Stored GUID
demo_soft_to_hard_masking_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=9A8FD565-0B30-45A2-9235-D53400115487
//Stored GUID
demo_stream_read_fastq_gz_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F1B5D513-3AB8-467F-B92B-3E719473F491
//Stored GUID
demo_template_subclassing_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F3B71BF7-45FC-4CB6-AEC3-EA2FCBAD41A5
//Stored GUID
demo_terminal_demo_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=8C820C62-C688-4A67-BFAC-11ADAC771A53
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment2_align_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F9F87D99-5269-4D87-ACE0-114F94B7D47B
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_align_assignment1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=A362EEA4-CDFD-407F-8E7B-28006E1EA3E9
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_banded_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=361BC7CF-5397-45D6-9ED3-903E5AB6AB3B
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_gaps_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=94A48118-CE11-4598-ADED-46D27EE53BA8
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_global_assignment1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=DF095E5C-BB78-4F69-9C90-5EBBA4E67922
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_global_assignment2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=EDE32D01-0C63-49F2-9303-1FA2C1AEA757
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_global_assignment3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=8AB14FFD-7B60-49FD-A51B-03A776754EC5
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_global_assignment4_part1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=2013534E-F7CB-4436-885D-0EA9C3E12B49
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_global_assignment4_part2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=821AEBD9-4464-4F3E-9CCE-FCF1ED4752EC
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_global_overlap_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=7C057114-5E6E-4438-A665-DF15BEEA633E
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_global_specialised_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=24EFCF37-4730-44BD-BCFC-71E200512A51
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_global_standard_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=66D486E4-9A0C-4502-9A2F-6E08ED19981D
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_local_standard_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=5115D124-E19C-4192-9652-562901B054A6
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_local_waterman_eggert_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C9B286BF-E748-48E2-9733-20069B12C45B
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_msa_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=20F8E3D0-DCB6-4A02-81B9-C1281356C2DE
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_msa_assignment1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=A617D2AF-BC61-4B84-AA43-732949912C81
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_pairwise_global2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4E8150FC-50F8-4D85-8070-1A00025A51AD
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_pairwise_global_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=09B31EA1-EA42-4194-A0C4-C7A9CAEC7B38
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_pairwise_global_assignment1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=461172F1-C268-4BC4-96D7-FEF474D223A0
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_pairwise_global_assignment2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E948BA4B-797C-43C7-9987-76509013A08E
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_pairwise_local_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E29C9C85-7131-4F30-B592-BCC239C644D4
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_pairwise_local_assignment1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C1EC0FF1-B283-4818-9DFA-164E4E8AB16E
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_representation_alignment_graph_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=B9FB1B80-EAB8-4466-8F9D-44901EFE318E
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_representation_alignment_graph_assignment1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=784D90DC-1D77-4D25-AC2E-DA810749BB6A
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_pairwise_sequence_alignment_assignment5_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=771880E6-6D9F-45F1-BF34-36954207C6F6
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_pairwise_sequence_alignment_assignment5_step1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=2DF87DAE-BA21-4CA5-AF1C-86289B5D500D
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_pairwise_sequence_alignment_assignment5_step2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D98C4847-34CC-4622-A627-70FCADE31E9A
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_pairwise_sequence_alignment_assignment5_step3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E6D736C1-2973-43BC-A8AD-13B2D0EB5F85
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_pairwise_sequence_alignment_assignment5_step4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=76887BC9-022B-4148-B457-3057FC6A4741
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_pairwise_sequence_alignment_assignment5_step5_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E3A03F6E-7F5D-48BF-9E7A-8043ED681F45
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_pairwise_sequence_alignment_assignment5_step6_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1CB25721-4942-4899-ACB7-3BF55CA049A4
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alphabets_alphabet_assignment_1_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=0E964061-30E8-46E8-8E5A-00D5D5BA62C8
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_annotation_store_assignment_1_hint_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F6072751-A985-4ECC-903E-B1D5622ADE80
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_annotation_store_assignment_1_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C4494165-2A7C-453B-970E-D6BBC8757D72
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_annotation_store_assignment_2_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=8D11205B-BE2C-4A4E-8052-266B1D5417D3
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_annotation_store_assignment_3_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1D7B6C15-586E-4993-A697-7F9E4EF77CBD
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_annotation_store_assignment_4_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E25076AA-B9D6-4030-B4D5-2D6F00F0A7BF
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_bam_io_example1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=7DF3A4C8-CB25-4D19-B02D-7163BEEF4868
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_bam_io_example2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4209669E-4523-43D8-911A-67F2FD5AC0D6
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_bam_io_example3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F215C0B7-21B1-4FE5-9F6F-6FDC82C0EF08
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_bam_io_example4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=2EFCF53E-D648-4C13-B316-B210D23EF966
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_bam_io_example5_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=6F0DC036-9FA2-4DEB-A860-12AEC6B4D844
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_bam_io_example6_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=7B0D0FDB-A571-424A-8564-06ECE8597C04
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_bam_io_example7_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=21F395EE-78B1-4D71-BF0E-BF42AB68264B
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_bam_io_solution1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=306EEFD5-F0C9-4A17-8373-336B5B6B8F15
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_bam_io_solution2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C85BAE1C-0F37-4D2B-A5E7-7EBE4EDF0104
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_bam_io_solution3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F2473103-E125-4B96-86F2-8048E1C14D8F
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sam_bam_io_example1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=471F2C5F-EDB5-421B-A42B-D95FEDCBD2AE
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sam_bam_io_example2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=B0BED3BE-4E5A-4294-95AC-BD5A8E1BA582
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sam_bam_io_example3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4F91A99A-47B9-4538-8C90-6850145B800C
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sam_bam_io_solution1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=B0386A5D-C17A-4E27-B3E5-A4DB36132FF0
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sam_bam_io_solution2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=085CF5A4-2CB1-479B-8887-3DDC89785F8C
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sam_bam_io_solution3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=BD11AD88-869C-4FC1-BC62-5890AEA713E7
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sam_bam_io_solution4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=AFA368BB-DAAD-4604-89F0-7EC4EDE9598F
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sequence_io_example1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=49157914-6101-4AB0-9526-26D54294BD04
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sequence_io_example2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=CDDA7DDA-34EE-4D5A-9FC9-91C9B32E9822
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sequence_io_example3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=B56A7CBA-00B3-4705-96E6-7D21208924B3
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sequence_io_solution1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=6551D198-A99F-4F92-94B1-899F4519847D
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sequence_io_solution2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=7E00A242-BEC5-4DE7-B0B4-1B4E97513CE0
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sequence_io_solution3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=73F255BA-CB95-4099-A061-827CF608E306
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sequence_io_solution4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=305F7147-08AB-4B55-9FBA-E4D3317E6DB3
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sequence_io_solution5_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=CD3A2510-2883-4FE8-9B01-74ED671208AA
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sequence_io_solution6_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=79A56277-FAC5-4232-B095-D448520307D9
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basics_allocator_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=328DCB94-A108-45EF-A9D8-3A1078DC0CEC
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basics_show_alphabets_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=2B9809F6-818B-445B-AA47-AB9B05F02547
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basics_strings_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=CA92343E-3393-4922-B98A-8CE15FE178C2
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basics_swap_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=57610A67-0544-4E55-9B2A-F9FC87D05791
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_data_journaling_example_join_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=775CC2EB-E196-4A88-A0F7-DB6348D40A79
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_data_journaling_example_journal_string_basic_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1071B561-DB89-41CB-848C-2D1031697A03
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_data_journaling_example_online_search_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=2D8CCA70-66C1-4285-B918-7BB9466D8893
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_data_journaling_example_online_search_assignment1_hint_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=0CA860B5-A467-4C73-81C7-85F019837200
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_data_journaling_example_online_search_assignment2_hint_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=04B46DAF-DD84-4D85-9C77-7E63C9CD024E
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_data_journaling_example_online_search_assignment3_hint_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=377C2653-CA50-42B5-976E-E3473D48AF28
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_data_journaling_example_online_search_assignment4_hint_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=8CFAA52D-3060-4A02-9DF6-B150CEC21B41
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_data_journaling_solution_online_search_assignment1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E86BBAED-AE6A-4D97-8BEE-4D4492C4AF60
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_data_journaling_solution_online_search_assignment2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C9D72F97-08C9-4A46-816A-628CDEAA5662
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_data_journaling_solution_online_search_assignment3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=83D33B73-D2F1-4192-A73E-DEBE4B30FA92
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_data_journaling_solution_online_search_assignment4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=FBFEC74F-9CA9-4639-B9B9-0C7BA1A13531
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_data_journaling_solution_online_search_finder_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=B4D7DCC4-994E-4525-B288-FCCC6957C638
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_file_io_example1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=7D4FD135-346D-4120-AF72-1EF50B5833C5
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_file_io_mmap_string_example_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=21369C6E-BE39-4B94-86F9-227DE7CA42BF
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_file_io_solution1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=AFBB14D0-E0A1-48E1-934A-9E2768A29CE3
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_file_io_solution2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=7C35E3AB-9D32-496E-823E-CC93DD8A92A5
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_file_io_stream_compression_formats_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E67BBA5A-D308-4061-A3A2-1B0548C53ADA
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_find_find_approx_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=995342A0-127F-4BD4-941C-85CA90A1138A
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_find_find_assignment1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=7223982A-6CCC-4765-B7EB-2248E30E5D24
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_find_find_assignment2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=0C586CF9-FC74-401F-9DD7-945F30978DEC
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_find_find_assignment3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=640FD513-1232-4787-BB6B-64F4D477D4E5
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_find_find_exact_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=105B3142-D02B-47F7-B024-26EB93427892
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_find_find_index_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=303A9187-6759-47D8-81DB-D8EE4CCEF30D
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_find_find_index_multiple_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=B0AD1430-276D-4928-9BB2-958BBABD522F
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_find_motif_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=6012E07E-C46F-47D7-88CE-78A53AC2E1F8
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_find_motif_pms1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F1EA65E7-46D1-44AA-B164-F984BDE8848A
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_first_steps_basic_code_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4A71C33F-C0E3-45D7-8226-836D9D327805
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_first_steps_basic_code_detailed_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=BB98EEC4-A155-4EBD-B78E-07B71B499296
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_first_steps_code_encapsulation_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=39918855-88E8-45A1-A675-A9A4C3AF6FF8
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_first_steps_final_result_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=922E69BE-AB1B-4D60-9433-CB3D8C23E25A
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_first_steps_solution_1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C6D8BB82-22B5-4801-A5F4-F79D20A87DF7
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_first_steps_solution_2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=518AC2D5-AD56-4418-A670-A7E1FB6CE563
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_first_steps_solution_3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=FCA3C11E-0C82-4687-A291-CC20718C75A3
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_first_steps_solution_4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=52D1BCE7-06B5-4175-9531-5DA154E35586
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_first_steps_solution_5_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=36EEDBF3-F777-4339-B93E-3554CF8D0327
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_first_steps_solution_6_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=B192FB25-38EF-4D17-915E-C55F02817791
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_graph_graph_algo_scc_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=799644A1-AC1F-47B1-BE71-6999FE87E53C
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_graph_graph_dijkstra_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=2095B55C-5116-4752-8941-533F852A492A
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_graph_graph_hmm_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=070AAB06-0185-4331-AC15-3F8F976227F3
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_index_assignment1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=BEA2F3C8-A060-40AB-AF38-023ECCD781BC
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_index_assignment2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=EB297010-CE9F-4523-BBF1-864E2969C5C8
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_index_assignment3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=33DC47B8-EE78-441C-9C6F-E888F6A7271C
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_index_assignment4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=775D58B0-0CA5-4A2F-A5C9-D6F7E28DCA52
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_index_assignment5_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=AF990ECE-E0E3-4837-B555-B0A010C0EEDF
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_index_assignment6_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=15A406C1-47D3-4371-97BF-C29F8C46CB99
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_index_preorder_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=7A37B72A-6D77-46BF-B0A6-0FC1E0150CFE
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_index_property_maps_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=169E9DAB-9CF9-4F47-A5DE-DCE1AEB7941B
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_index_qgram_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=51A7DA00-E114-45C6-9392-1A7B713C470A
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_index_search2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=B165E45D-53D2-4888-9083-6DAFDC9524E3
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_index_search_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=BC956572-9DDF-4B0F-98DF-EF380A1BB8A5
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_indices_assignment_1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=ECE32FF5-18D2-4C72-828B-798EFAC860C4
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_indices_assignment_2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=02482C46-AEA6-48F5-A36F-56E0033392DC
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_iterator_solution1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E03EBF80-B7E7-41A1-A105-75EA8ADB67B6
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_iterator_solution2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=609A5FA5-3C1B-4AAA-9ADA-1D80933F35C7
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_indexed_fasta_io_solution1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=CA74DAA3-B78B-4C49-98D5-24FC4AD51BF8
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_indexed_fasta_io_solution2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=388D929F-78A8-4342-B2ED-5BC3C7E84479
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_iterators_iterators_assignment_1_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F418605D-113D-42ED-8937-D91D3DEA1D99
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_iterators_iterators_assignment_2_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=6003E27E-DE4A-4085-B190-E68CDE41D34E
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_iterators_iterators_assignment_3_workshop_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=63E0C961-E0CC-4578-A1A4-68230BE2F48E
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_iterators_iterators_assignment_4_workshop_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4886BFFF-00C6-4A7C-978F-1362C730BB28
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_iterators_sequence_iterator_demo_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=44A9C254-AD2D-46BA-B844-A0210183DDEB
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_lexical_casting_solution1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C10CCECF-97AA-4864-AF31-87410AFD911A
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_mini_bowtie_mini_bowtie_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=FD5F7403-E47B-45B2-AA20-1E282B6E882D
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_mini_bowtie_solution1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=3C9A8122-A2BF-4E10-9A78-910DDBDFA142
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_mini_bowtie_solution2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D1CA05FB-BBA6-4241-A7D0-2846A31D7614
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_mini_bowtie_solution3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=2D4A7F9E-169A-4836-8057-9F055430BD1C
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_mini_bowtie_solution4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=BDBFACBA-52B9-465A-A01B-1D6C9E0663AE
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_mini_bowtie_solution5_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=52D99387-9B33-40CD-A60F-3B7C48AD16BC
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_parsing_example1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=DBD4EA46-317E-423E-84F3-3EE67CE2482B
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_parsing_parse_blastn_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=7667ABF3-62F8-417C-B3B4-49D728E0772D
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_parsing_parse_gff2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=01F384C7-CD7C-435B-88DB-47C7305DEC05
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_parsing_parse_newick_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=2B74E804-C174-43C5-BB76-9B0B8E2C654B
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_parsing_reader_double_demo_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D720BEB9-59E8-4338-BA8F-B05B6198FC1F
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_parsing_reader_single_demo_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=9BD57A2B-568E-427D-BFF5-FAAC5F7C2248
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_parsing_solution1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=209C3991-15FA-4060-802F-BA4A1180DDBF
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_parsing_solution2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=2944A07A-22FB-47D2-99FE-F1F0A94F9300
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_parsing_solution3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F3F60A24-838C-4F2A-9A86-EEEA962551C3
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_random_random_examples_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=041D4DD3-213E-46C8-B4C8-2C9B39B69BEF
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_read_mapping_minimapper_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=7EAE6943-F25D-4441-BB5B-AA6F0476B518
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_rnaseq_genequant_assignment1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=A7DFBD1F-8F43-4E3D-B765-385CA024A453
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_rnaseq_genequant_assignment2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=76B850CC-D930-4CC5-86C2-D420E9FD9AAB
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_rnaseq_genequant_assignment3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4A1B2C50-FC76-4F37-8073-13797F797458
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_rnaseq_genequant_assignment4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=01F2BFC4-0ACD-453D-A8E0-3E82A8C2F6B6
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_rnaseq_genequant_assignment5_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=59823C1A-C3D5-46DE-9B6D-5966DA4C732D
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_rnaseq_genequant_solution1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=6D9C7F59-D7FC-42D1-B424-DAF0746841AA
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_rnaseq_genequant_solution2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=02FD513F-E118-4A3D-BD16-61E9F203484F
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_rnaseq_genequant_solution3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=FF01E2D0-A6A8-4352-8449-BC5F2200A8D6
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_rnaseq_genequant_solution4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=FB4D9F51-3DA6-458B-859F-99BDEE87B78F
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_rnaseq_genequant_solution5_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=DFD5C027-4944-4ED7-A9C9-31AF65C238EA
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_example1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=B4BF3F2A-9EFB-490F-BEE9-8016A5C49841
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_example2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=ADE4DD24-8FF2-4EDC-B32D-3F8A99E7CC89
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_example3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=B0377871-54D7-4500-B1BC-2AC239FC3897
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_example4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=6D68F296-3866-4D50-B85C-4956CD52BC3A
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_example5_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=EC89DE87-F468-49F2-A818-7AACD486045F
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_example6_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F63D7725-BBAE-4AF7-9C00-4D8769979ECE
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_example7_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4ED4293E-04B5-49AC-9F68-57A1AABD3582
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_example8_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=84D3A57C-9C9B-460D-B07F-B0F741B770C0
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_solution1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=986911DC-CDCB-4FD4-9D3E-6C013AAE43F1
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_solution2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=18BF290E-3B40-4C66-814E-BFA9E6848F71
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_solution3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=CF5B6D09-3801-47A3-B3C5-71B266252B48
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_solution4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=473D631F-4EB7-4C98-B9B9-AB33D2B4BFB6
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_solution5_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=AFE370FC-B06D-4C9D-AFFF-94537173F3C7
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_solution6_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=45096FAB-52B4-4F63-A861-7EB5A7EE0B3F
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_solution7_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=B87C9722-05A6-463C-8CCC-C4AA13AC4299
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_count_characters_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=A4AF520A-0A70-4BAF-864A-EBA197903F7E
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_count_generic_characters_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=8CA897C1-B445-477F-BF84-A1BE2D09A90C
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_example1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=20B0506D-10AA-4561-B230-5BA947493A57
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_example2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=746E72A6-2B49-4F2A-949D-E5AFDB67D009
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_example3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=0078F09C-9E9A-4EF1-9462-4E2F4BA609A0
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_example4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E49EDFF7-2EC5-4645-A171-72573AC06FC8
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_example5_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C90C3AE9-7D15-4CD8-99CC-5BE03CAB7E2A
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_example6_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=0D4FDB37-71A1-4104-90AB-C2DDC23D97D0
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_example7_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4E50C2A7-7AA9-4A63-ACAC-756FB8FEAF5F
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_example8_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F6EC7C97-9E0E-485B-ABAD-ECF68F1CE914
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_example9_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=6C938765-CE7B-4884-B422-B58E0ACD8796
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_solution1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=8D606D70-9F1E-4095-A669-A7CC94478B20
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_solution2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=B3B28091-B19E-4066-9436-19AA5DB45C8D
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_solution3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E319FA34-84BB-41C2-8591-256F11AB2220
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_solution4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=FCEF6FF8-025B-4B52-96DE-363EC0D4D554
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_solution5_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=6A242B2C-1B30-4868-9611-5BCFBB973B68
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_solution6_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F98E5353-2368-434F-8ECF-D7D15084F1E8
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_replace_as_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=CD2771CC-0F8D-41BE-8C26-957F53CA41AD
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_sequence_all_strings_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=26B4FAAA-B541-4064-A5AD-1C1C59A3E6B5
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_sequence_iterator_demo_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=6746487E-2285-4A20-B54B-0C5F06DF4EE4
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequences_in_depth_assignment_exact_generous_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=B8888626-C385-47FD-98CF-3F3ABFED8DED
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequences_lexical_assignment_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1DBFB1D8-465C-4564-BA87-78B5B8527DAA
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequences_segments_assignment_2_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=8951A6AB-056F-46DE-968A-CE8FFFA6FE86
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequences_segments_assignment_hint_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=77A002B7-2875-44E9-9021-69C160C6160B
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequences_segments_assignment_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=97B91D97-DEC9-43A9-B55A-BD0EA38D1697
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequences_string_assignment_1_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=DC764F8B-1981-4F24-B66A-F7204B4D18CB
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_store_store_access_aligned_reads2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=CFE8E118-BDD1-4432-894D-B2BF0B9D9E5C
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_store_store_access_aligned_reads_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C516E0F4-A296-455F-AAC5-7042DEDE1C81
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_store_store_diplay_aligned_reads_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=8A43E9A9-99F8-41FD-A5F7-FC3D9FCAA23A
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_stream_lexical_cast_example_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=B860DD1A-CE75-4C55-95C7-A170FB986E7E
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_stream_stream_read2_fastq_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=A91BE7D6-E73C-4513-A981-304F64656302
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_stream_stream_read_record_auto_format_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=18D911D5-3091-4DD2-A503-C29FBCD60C1F
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_stream_stream_read_record_fasta_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=596880E6-5504-4821-B6B0-6B1D047BFBAE
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_string_sets_assignment_1_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=0BB125FF-4EB6-4E40-9766-7D01BA673641
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_string_sets_assignment_2_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=13F3E3C8-1F0F-4BD3-B5B7-3B4844F4E5A3
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_string_sets_assignment_3_workshop_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=0253A179-ADF7-46B1-B8C4-329D1BD944D2
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_string_sets_assignment_3b_workshop_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=AD0F6015-D344-4393-A84D-496BFA96D7DF
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_string_sets_assignment_4_workshop_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4AB86199-8ED0-4993-BD78-1E1576841AB4
//Stored GUID
demo_zscore_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=7E95C3CC-A09C-49DF-9DE8-E8E83BF44735
//Stored GUID
detection_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=6A9FFA71-81FE-4821-97B1-5A7BA03A66CA
//Stored GUID
dfi_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=BD68A4B3-6F5E-4B3F-9054-1F25BA27D61F
//Stored GUID
docs_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4957A288-6114-4651-9A74-A95092DDB065
//Stored GUID
eigth_app_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=82278A3B-127C-4CEF-8D92-7232A4F2AF40
//Stored GUID
eleven.app_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E5B5D923-0E71-4DFC-99BA-DB114B034F04
//Stored GUID
first_app_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=415019B4-86D2-40B8-A291-A56718B2D004
//Stored GUID
five_app_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=061D025C-D71E-4AA7-9F66-7CBC9F904F93
//Stored GUID
fourth_app_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=9D3AA4AE-EA2D-43B4-A2D6-0EB0E1182AA8
//Stored GUID
gustaf_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E1F1BE38-872F-46E5-81F9-F086D1257611
//Stored GUID
insegt_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1F588961-3D57-4F37-89CE-2612852AB2D8
//Stored GUID
join_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=DD00D1EF-16CE-4192-A5ED-38ED9B015969
//Stored GUID
masai_indexer_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4C8EE9EB-0A92-4F53-97E0-B7426FE58ABF
//Stored GUID
masai_mapper_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=0261354F-FE0A-4A53-A121-4B0772AE0A08
//Stored GUID
masai_output_pe_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=9D3F98FA-A22A-48CD-89A3-CB7E564827B4
//Stored GUID
masai_output_se_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=0B14055F-6D5A-4244-BDF2-D3E17C8EBD77
//Stored GUID
mason_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=A2BC0580-DE0C-467C-BDDE-AF6131030803
//Stored GUID
micro_razers_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=11C6688C-CE4C-448C-93C1-7C43CA8FB4B8
//Stored GUID
nine.app_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=76D4A4FE-19CC-4BFF-8918-F3EE8207A427
//Stored GUID
pair_align_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=2E420CE2-F835-46B9-86EE-C54BC2CC75FA
//Stored GUID
param_chooser_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=16D35867-AF1D-414E-8B35-FE4758744EFF
//Stored GUID
prepare_workflow_plugin_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F50BAC8D-0A08-4DFE-8E9A-B127330939FC
//Stored GUID
razers2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=17CBE03B-D5C8-4317-9223-932C69CE253E
//Stored GUID
razers3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=119FE50F-4386-42E6-8AD1-7085F5BF1285
//Stored GUID
razers3_quality2prob_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=ED5A192F-E8F3-4896-B1FD-E2E4CE637319
//Stored GUID
razers3_simulate_reads_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1355C746-2F16-41AF-B0EB-70F17D9ECC8E
//Stored GUID
razers_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=96C4498E-AAE9-4F4A-A1F0-98D9ED01D162
//Stored GUID
rep_sep_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=EDCD637F-63FE-450A-8DFB-C7C034038D63
//Stored GUID
sak_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F5DD147E-2BFB-403D-8FE2-2EE478DE4A8E
//Stored GUID
sak_doc_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=AE9EAE6F-DAA1-49DF-9DD4-445CA54731D7
//Stored GUID
saminput_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=3ABECC6A-B505-4B16-9FE3-BFF2FEEE0EBA
//Stored GUID
samproducer_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=70DC631A-ECF8-4022-BB67-10D10129A0AE
//Stored GUID
samreader_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=733ED567-5783-45E2-884D-42494EB844F6
//Stored GUID
search_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=2648BE35-E237-428A-91AA-C761D3F0EAA5
//Stored GUID
second_app_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D2AB6BDB-A9A6-4AF7-9F73-547A1724F0E8
//Stored GUID
seqan_core_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=FDD881A2-F44D-42FB-8B0A-D5A5134562A4
//Stored GUID
seqan_extras_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=193BEF22-0A9A-4120-8D5C-A1C1902F3C7D
//Stored GUID
seqan_sandbox_group1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=470926F3-4BFE-4D65-A1F4-6AACFA8EEE4A
//Stored GUID
seqan_sandbox_mysandbox_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=A9C40A61-A09A-43FD-9997-14E742A6A3FB
//Stored GUID
seqan_sandbox_projekt_sandbox_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=07850B43-7632-487C-A21D-33B6D34B4083
//Stored GUID
seqan_sua_target_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=82476E72-52D2-48B8-9138-0424E172DEBB
//Stored GUID
seqan_tcoffee_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=5CC3ED04-EEA3-4945-8683-78B85BF31240
//Stored GUID
seqcons_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=7BA5E52B-7F93-4380-9A6F-326FD45AD5ED
//Stored GUID
seven_app_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=2A2637F2-F1D9-47A8-8187-764D180BCD17
//Stored GUID
sgip_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=A09AE2CB-AD30-4C44-AD83-BD1BF31354AE
//Stored GUID
six_app_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C6068EEA-AC3D-4C40-8635-65A76984205F
//Stored GUID
splazers_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C87D43E3-CA6C-4212-A1FA-D516D6587EC4
//Stored GUID
stellar_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=69D664AC-0C8C-4C34-AB1E-2F9B93443AAA
//Stored GUID
ten.app_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=67629F7A-890F-4554-A47B-48B26F457F52
//Stored GUID
test_PEMer_Lite_header_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1A1B2A6A-6ABF-452E-870E-BFA86C31A30C
//Stored GUID
test_align_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=6CBFC14C-74A4-4348-99C5-A25AD2D2A300
//Stored GUID
test_align_split_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C2F91E78-42A8-4039-BCF1-70DA5C9D19EC
//Stored GUID
test_alignment_free_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=16AE5481-0EA0-45B8-84A0-8473B55F3E6E
//Stored GUID
test_arg_parse_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=42013C73-EA94-441C-95FD-09AAA776324E
//Stored GUID
test_bam_io_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=67C6E3BB-84DE-483F-B5D2-DB9B853BC7E8
//Stored GUID
test_basic_aggregate_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=7E3FCE41-F364-49EA-9DC5-0372B5D7E40A
//Stored GUID
test_basic_allocator_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=8B4D13F9-0D54-4824-B274-A199BCBA0050
//Stored GUID
test_basic_alphabet_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1BD12465-8B68-4E5B-B7AB-482D02B4B408
//Stored GUID
test_basic_concept_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=CDBB08C2-FE19-4E58-B7DD-91967851E70D
//Stored GUID
test_basic_container_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=6F252F5C-1089-42B8-9886-FE6285E1697A
//Stored GUID
test_basic_fundamental_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=CD2431DE-263C-4121-B62B-8F9000332E25
//Stored GUID
test_basic_iterator_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=65B844D4-B500-47EA-96C7-15E341F4A856
//Stored GUID
test_basic_math_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=993B5C04-5298-4D45-B6E2-733976CFF01B
//Stored GUID
test_basic_metaprogramming_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4D8C863E-5F1F-49FF-B2F6-EFC2371B01F6
//Stored GUID
test_basic_parallelism_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=7F2117A5-7B71-4866-8633-1EE36EDE62EB
//Stored GUID
test_basic_proxy_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1EFD47E7-9D41-4756-8AC6-A0606E09E530
//Stored GUID
test_basic_smart_pointer_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=3642A681-FE1F-41E9-9846-6C033B015F9B
//Stored GUID
test_bed_io_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=2986E0A4-3583-4E25-B735-8EE804711739
//Stored GUID
test_consensus_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=BE313316-F37A-4FE3-A5C8-C055581BB5F5
//Stored GUID
test_file_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D8AF8C17-C22E-49D2-AF1D-F43CD2CF983F
//Stored GUID
test_find_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=DF9C088A-B5CF-464A-8368-5AAA4653F4D0
//Stored GUID
test_find_motif_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=29DC4E48-C815-47DC-AD2B-19BBF8C70607
//Stored GUID
test_find_swift_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=98BB2D30-F66F-4CD4-A845-0C4AFAFFED5F
//Stored GUID
test_funcs_param_chooser_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=B7457073-88CA-402A-B137-4DC2CB9A122E
//Stored GUID
test_gff_io_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1624B2CE-1AFB-4AC6-8D40-179ABCAA0428
//Stored GUID
test_graph_algorithms_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=5A8D112E-4D4B-4CCD-A65F-286DA7821F1A
//Stored GUID
test_graph_align_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D42E3786-3B60-4343-A110-86EF62A7EE5B
//Stored GUID
test_graph_msa_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=A22FE0EC-FCF7-489A-9C86-102D4214E83A
//Stored GUID
test_graph_types_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1581364C-3FE6-4D30-829D-EC981513BCED
//Stored GUID
test_index_creation_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=000908F3-BC05-4542-BE84-9D0A8E3D2451
//Stored GUID
test_index_crosscompare_char_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F5DCFDE4-00C0-48CD-BCF5-B61CEA405DCE
//Stored GUID
test_index_crosscompare_char_dfi_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=AF4A69DD-3AC6-4D4A-B3AF-CA2E1EB47346
//Stored GUID
test_index_crosscompare_dna_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=76133CD9-51C1-4077-A924-99B0F1D209E2
//Stored GUID
test_index_crosscompare_dna_dfi_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=DE9FC3DD-D23F-4CF5-A8AD-1F73672B6E27
//Stored GUID
test_index_drawing_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=B2E73C8C-CFC9-4AC7-8092-05FD3F29BDCE
//Stored GUID
test_index_fm_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F594CA18-F499-42C3-B76A-9BD463A37B3B
//Stored GUID
test_index_fm_rank_dictionary_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=0C68F4DD-687B-4863-B72B-1522FF347083
//Stored GUID
test_index_qgram_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=961B5A5F-81F3-4A3E-9D7C-6CD302551E91
//Stored GUID
test_index_repeats_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=830501BB-AB4A-4911-9F1C-01EE3B6D9699
//Stored GUID
test_index_sa_bwtwalk_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D46CBC32-DC7F-44D2-8720-0B6F5709019E
//Stored GUID
test_index_shapes_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F8270156-0B06-4BC5-9B9D-214DB1B67C79
//Stored GUID
test_index_stree_iterators_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=B029C810-31E9-49A8-B44A-EEA01272B0B0
//Stored GUID
test_map_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4B6C076A-7561-445F-ADBB-49665FE5ED20
//Stored GUID
test_misc_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=0F357396-2F99-439E-8401-C836EE78FE60
//Stored GUID
test_misc_cmdparser_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=0B4FF92C-4FB6-4B31-A55D-8145DB79E39F
//Stored GUID
test_modifier_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=CB885655-A13F-4266-8188-F6FEDFEF5207
//Stored GUID
test_multiple_translation_units_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=A65EDA83-2D5B-4431-B973-1BAC4B28DDED
//Stored GUID
test_parallel_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=6CF69D34-1498-45C2-B642-4B029B6FE696
//Stored GUID
test_parse_lm_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4C17177D-9FD8-4AA9-84B9-43425BCD8451
//Stored GUID
test_pipe_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=CF24C486-A84F-4970-AF6F-CED3A2DE982B
//Stored GUID
test_random_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=324EEB41-E60D-4F63-B8B1-B3720BC6D60D
//Stored GUID
test_score_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=6E426C74-E2F9-4562-95F7-307F0BE2E48A
//Stored GUID
test_seeds_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C592BBB4-E80E-4576-8252-365F7034CAB3
//Stored GUID
test_seq_io_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=BFF267EB-25B6-4F40-B414-742E7203A362
//Stored GUID
test_sequence_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=6AE13B5D-9C95-4D27-935B-84F51EA2BB2A
//Stored GUID
test_sequence_journaled_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=2FB77C2E-E77D-4ACD-A5E2-00706509D89C
//Stored GUID
test_statistics_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=0645D739-EEAA-408C-87AE-588D4C69F24B
//Stored GUID
test_store_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C135BDA3-D68D-4C5A-AFA1-BAB82BCA1250
//Stored GUID
test_stream_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=8F410E2C-0F82-4D71-8289-86D0A0B33387
//Stored GUID
test_vcf_io_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1E3219A2-B2F3-4D15-9539-5645ECAF2624
//Stored GUID
the_example_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=CECC59BC-6345-4F8E-97CB-3EF3A3B548EC
//Stored GUID
the_example_test_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F21E9BF0-4DC2-44BB-BAA4-223193445832
//Stored GUID
third_app_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=80BA4F9D-D02E-4909-9D5A-AE87007C7476
//Stored GUID
tree_recon_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=2F09FD03-6CA8-4CF7-A7DD-29AB3071E63D
//Stored GUID
twelve.app_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F73A3459-FDA1-4141-807F-8884FA5CFCC5
//Stored GUID
variant_comp_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=142B585A-E4E6-48A5-93AD-6DEB33A1AAC0

