# This is the CMakeCache file.
# For build in directory: c:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10
# It was generated by CMake: C:/Program Files (x86)/CMake 2.8/bin/cmake.exe
# You can edit this file to change values found and used by cmake.
# If you do not want to change any of the values, simply exit the editor.
# If you do want to change a value, simply edit, save, and exit the editor.
# The syntax for the file is as follows:
# KEY:TYPE=VALUE
# KEY is the name of a variable in the cache.
# TYPE is a hint to GUI's for the type of VALUE, DO NOT EDIT TYPE!.
# VALUE is the current value for the KEY.

########################
# EXTERNAL cache entries
########################

//Path to a file.
BZIP2_INCLUDE_DIR:PATH=BZIP2_INCLUDE_DIR-NOTFOUND

//Path to a library.
BZIP2_LIBRARY:FILEPATH=BZIP2_LIBRARY-NOTFOUND

//Path to a library.
BZIP2_LIBRARY_D:FILEPATH=BZIP2_LIBRARY_D-NOTFOUND

//The directory containing a CMake configuration file for Boost.
Boost_DIR:PATH=Boost_DIR-NOTFOUND

//Path to a file.
Boost_INCLUDE_DIR:PATH=Boost_INCLUDE_DIR-NOTFOUND

//Boost diagnostic define
Boost_LIB_DIAGNOSTIC_DEFINITIONS:STRING=-DBOOST_LIB_DIAGNOSTIC

//Choose the type of build, options are: Debug Release RelWithDebInfo
// ...
CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE:STRING=Release

//Semicolon separated list of supported configuration types, only
// supports Debug, Release, MinSizeRel, and RelWithDebInfo, anything
// else will be ignored.
CMAKE_CONFIGURATION_TYPES:STRING=Debug;Release;MinSizeRel;RelWithDebInfo

//C++ compiler
CMAKE_CXX_COMPILER:FILEPATH=cl

//Flags used by the compiler during all build types.
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS:STRING= /DWIN32 /D_WINDOWS /W3 /Zm1000 /EHsc /GR

//Flags used by the compiler during debug builds.
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_DEBUG:STRING=/D_DEBUG /MDd /Zi /Ob0 /Od /RTC1

//Flags used by the compiler during release minsize builds.
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL:STRING=/MD /O1 /Ob1 /D NDEBUG

//Flags used by the compiler during release builds (/MD /Ob1 /Oi
// /Ot /Oy /Gs will produce slightly less optimized but smaller
// files).
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_RELEASE:STRING=/MD /O2 /Ob2 /D NDEBUG

//Flags used by the compiler during Release with Debug Info builds.
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO:STRING=/MD /Zi /O2 /Ob1 /D NDEBUG

//Libraries linked by defalut with all C++ applications.
CMAKE_CXX_STANDARD_LIBRARIES:STRING='kernel32.lib user32.lib gdi32.lib winspool.lib shell32.lib ole32.lib oleaut32.lib uuid.lib comdlg32.lib advapi32.lib '

//C compiler
CMAKE_C_COMPILER:FILEPATH=cl

//Flags used by the compiler during all build types.
CMAKE_C_FLAGS:STRING= /DWIN32 /D_WINDOWS /W3 /Zm1000

//Flags used by the compiler during debug builds.
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_DEBUG:STRING=/D_DEBUG /MDd /Zi  /Ob0 /Od /RTC1

//Flags used by the compiler during release minsize builds.
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL:STRING=/MD /O1 /Ob1 /D NDEBUG

//Flags used by the compiler during release builds (/MD /Ob1 /Oi
// /Ot /Oy /Gs will produce slightly less optimized but smaller
// files).
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_RELEASE:STRING=/MD /O2 /Ob2 /D NDEBUG

//Flags used by the compiler during Release with Debug Info builds.
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO:STRING=/MD /Zi /O2 /Ob1 /D NDEBUG

//Libraries linked by defalut with all C applications.
CMAKE_C_STANDARD_LIBRARIES:STRING='kernel32.lib user32.lib gdi32.lib winspool.lib shell32.lib ole32.lib oleaut32.lib uuid.lib comdlg32.lib advapi32.lib '

//Flags used by the linker.
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS:STRING=' /STACK:10000000 /machine:X86 '

//Flags used by the linker during debug builds.
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG:STRING=/debug /INCREMENTAL

//Flags used by the linker during release minsize builds.
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL:STRING=/INCREMENTAL:NO

//Flags used by the linker during release builds.
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE:STRING=/INCREMENTAL:NO

//Flags used by the linker during Release with Debug Info builds.
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO:STRING=/debug /INCREMENTAL

//Install path prefix, prepended onto install directories.
CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX:PATH=C:/Program Files (x86)/seqan

//Path to a program.
CMAKE_LINKER:FILEPATH=CMAKE_LINKER-NOTFOUND

//make program
CMAKE_MAKE_PROGRAM:FILEPATH=C:/PROGRA~2/MICROS~2.0/Common7/IDE/devenv.com

//Flags used by the linker during the creation of modules.
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS:STRING=' /STACK:10000000 /machine:X86 '

//Flags used by the linker during debug builds.
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG:STRING=/debug /INCREMENTAL

//Flags used by the linker during release minsize builds.
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL:STRING=/INCREMENTAL:NO

//Flags used by the linker during release builds.
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE:STRING=/INCREMENTAL:NO

//Flags used by the linker during Release with Debug Info builds.
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO:STRING=/debug /INCREMENTAL

//Value Computed by CMake
CMAKE_PROJECT_NAME:STATIC=seqan

//RC compiler
CMAKE_RC_COMPILER:FILEPATH=rc

//Flags for Fortran compiler.
CMAKE_RC_FLAGS:STRING=' '

//Flags used by the linker during the creation of dll's.
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS:STRING=' /STACK:10000000 /machine:X86 '

//Flags used by the linker during debug builds.
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG:STRING=/debug /INCREMENTAL

//Flags used by the linker during release minsize builds.
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL:STRING=/INCREMENTAL:NO

//Flags used by the linker during release builds.
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE:STRING=/INCREMENTAL:NO

//Flags used by the linker during Release with Debug Info builds.
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO:STRING=/debug /INCREMENTAL

//If set, runtime paths are not added when using shared libraries.
CMAKE_SKIP_RPATH:BOOL=NO

//If true, cmake will use relative paths in makefiles and projects.
CMAKE_USE_RELATIVE_PATHS:BOOL=OFF

//If this value is on, makefiles will be generated without the
// .SILENT directive, and all commands will be echoed to the console
// during the make.  This is useful for debugging only. With Visual
// Studio IDE projects all commands are done without /nologo.
CMAKE_VERBOSE_MAKEFILE:BOOL=FALSE

//Path to a program.
Java_JAR_EXECUTABLE:FILEPATH=Java_JAR_EXECUTABLE-NOTFOUND

//Path to a program.
Java_JAVAC_EXECUTABLE:FILEPATH=Java_JAVAC_EXECUTABLE-NOTFOUND

//Path to a program.
Java_JAVADOC_EXECUTABLE:FILEPATH=Java_JAVADOC_EXECUTABLE-NOTFOUND

//Path to a program.
Java_JAVAH_EXECUTABLE:FILEPATH=Java_JAVAH_EXECUTABLE-NOTFOUND

//Path to a program.
Java_JAVA_EXECUTABLE:FILEPATH=C:/Windows/System32/java.exe

//Path to a file.
LEMON_INCLUDE_DIR:PATH=LEMON_INCLUDE_DIR-NOTFOUND

//Path to a library.
LEMON_LIBRARY:FILEPATH=LEMON_LIBRARY-NOTFOUND

//LEMON root directory
LEMON_ROOT_DIR:PATH=

//C++ compiler flags for OpenMP parallization
OpenMP_CXX_FLAGS:STRING=/openmp

//C compiler flags for OpenMP parallization
OpenMP_C_FLAGS:STRING=/openmp

//Path to a program.
PYTHON_EXECUTABLE:FILEPATH=C:/Python27/python.exe

//Version of the application.
SEQAN_APP_VERSION:STRING=0.0.0

//Build/Release mode to select. One of DEVELOP SEQAN_RELEASE, APP:${APP_NAME}.
// Defaults to DEVELOP.
SEQAN_BUILD_SYSTEM:STRING=DEVELOP

//Enable new sequence tests.
SEQAN_COMPILE_SEQUENCE_TESTS_V2:BOOL=OFF

//Set to ON to disable memory mapping of the reference genome index.
SEQAN_EXTRAS_MASAI_DISABLE_MMAP:BOOL=OFF

//Set to TRUE to enable nightly app releases.
SEQAN_NIGHTLY_RELEASE:BOOL=FALSE

//Path to a file.
ZLIB_INCLUDE_DIR:PATH=ZLIB_INCLUDE_DIR-NOTFOUND

//Path to a library.
ZLIB_LIBRARY:FILEPATH=ZLIB_LIBRARY-NOTFOUND

//Path to a library.
ZLIB_LIBRARY_D:FILEPATH=ZLIB_LIBRARY_D-NOTFOUND

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_dfi_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/core/apps/dfi

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_dfi_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/apps/dfi

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_mason_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/core/apps/mason

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_mason_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/apps/mason

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_micro_razers_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/core/apps/micro_razers

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_micro_razers_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/apps/micro_razers

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_pair_align_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/core/apps/pair_align

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_pair_align_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/apps/pair_align

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_rabema_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/core/apps/rabema

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_rabema_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/apps/rabema

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_razers2_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/core/apps/razers2

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_razers2_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/apps/razers2

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_razers_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/core/apps/razers

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_razers_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/apps/razers

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_sak_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/core/apps/sak

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_sak_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/apps/sak

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_seqan_tcoffee_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/core/apps/seqan_tcoffee

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_seqan_tcoffee_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/apps/seqan_tcoffee

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_seqcons_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/core/apps/seqcons

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_seqcons_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/apps/seqcons

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_snp_store_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/core/apps/snp_store

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_snp_store_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/apps/snp_store

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_splazers_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/core/apps/splazers

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_splazers_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/apps/splazers

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_stellar_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/core/apps/stellar

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_stellar_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/apps/stellar

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_tree_recon_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/core/apps/tree_recon

//Value Computed by CMake
core_apps_tree_recon_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/apps/tree_recon

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_alf_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/extras/apps/alf

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_alf_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/extras/apps/alf

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_breakpoint_calculator_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/extras/apps/breakpoint_calculator

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_breakpoint_calculator_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/extras/apps/breakpoint_calculator

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_insegt_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/extras/apps/insegt

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_insegt_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/extras/apps/insegt

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_masai_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/extras/apps/masai

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_masai_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/extras/apps/masai

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_param_chooser_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/extras/apps/param_chooser

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_param_chooser_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/extras/apps/param_chooser

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_razers3_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/extras/apps/razers3

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_razers3_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/extras/apps/razers3

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_rep_sep_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/extras/apps/rep_sep

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_rep_sep_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/extras/apps/rep_sep

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_sgip_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/extras/apps/sgip

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_sgip_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/extras/apps/sgip

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_variant_comp_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/extras/apps/variant_comp

//Value Computed by CMake
extras_apps_variant_comp_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/extras/apps/variant_comp

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/core

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_apps_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/core/apps

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_apps_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/apps

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_demos_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/core/demos

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_demos_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/demos

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/core/tests

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_align_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/core/tests/align

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_align_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/align

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_arg_parse_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/core/tests/arg_parse

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_arg_parse_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/arg_parse

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_bam_io_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/core/tests/bam_io

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_bam_io_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/bam_io

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_basic_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/core/tests/basic

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_basic_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/basic

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_consensus_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/core/tests/consensus

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_consensus_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/consensus

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_file_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/core/tests/file

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_file_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/file

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_find_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/core/tests/find

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_find_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/find

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_find_swift_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/core/tests/swift_local

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_find_swift_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/swift_local

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_gff_io_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/core/tests/gff_io

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_gff_io_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/gff_io

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_graph_algorithms_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/core/tests/graph_algorithms

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_graph_algorithms_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/graph_algorithms

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_graph_align_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/core/tests/graph_align

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_graph_align_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/graph_align

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_graph_msa_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/core/tests/graph_msa

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_graph_msa_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/graph_msa

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_graph_types_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/core/tests/graph_types

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_graph_types_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/graph_types

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_index_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/core/tests/index

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_index_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/index

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_map_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/core/tests/map

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_map_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/map

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_misc_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/core/tests/misc

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_misc_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/misc

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_modifier_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/core/tests/modifier

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_modifier_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/modifier

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_parallel_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/core/tests/parallel

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_parallel_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/parallel

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_pipe_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/core/tests/pipe

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_pipe_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/pipe

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_random_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/core/tests/random

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_random_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/random

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_score_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/core/tests/score

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_score_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/score

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_seeds_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/core/tests/seeds

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_seeds_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/seeds

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_seq_io_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/core/tests/seq_io

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_seq_io_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/seq_io

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_sequence_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/core/tests/sequence

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_sequence_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/sequence

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_sequence_journaled_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/core/tests/sequence_journaled

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_sequence_journaled_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/sequence_journaled

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_store_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/core/tests/store

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_store_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/store

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_stream_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/core/tests/stream

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_core_tests_stream_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/core/tests/stream

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_docs_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/docs

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_docs_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/docs

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/extras

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/extras

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_apps_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/extras/apps

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_apps_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/extras/apps

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_apps_searchjoin_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/extras/apps/searchjoin

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_apps_searchjoin_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/extras/apps/searchjoin

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_demos_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/extras/demos

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_demos_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/extras/demos

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/extras/tests

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/extras/tests

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_align_split_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/extras/tests/align_split

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_align_split_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/extras/tests/align_split

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_alignment_free_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/extras/tests/alignment_free

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_alignment_free_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/extras/tests/alignment_free

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_find_motif_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/extras/tests/find_motif

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_find_motif_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/extras/tests/find_motif

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_multiple_translation_units_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/extras/tests/multiple_translation_units

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_multiple_translation_units_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/extras/tests/multiple_translation_units

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_parse_lm_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/extras/tests/parse_lm

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_parse_lm_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/extras/tests/parse_lm

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_statistics_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/extras/tests/statistics

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_extras_tests_statistics_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/extras/tests/statistics

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/sandbox

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/sandbox

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/sandbox/my_sandbox

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/sandbox/my_sandbox

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_alnment_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/alnment

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_alnment_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/alnment

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_basic_seq_io_example_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/basic_seq_io_example

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_basic_seq_io_example_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/basic_seq_io_example

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_firstSteps1_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/firstSteps1

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_firstSteps1_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/firstSteps1

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_first_app_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/first_app

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_first_app_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/first_app

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_graph_example_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/graph_example

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_graph_example_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/graph_example

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_ind_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/ind

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_ind_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/ind

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_iteratorTest_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/iteratorTest

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_iteratorTest_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/iteratorTest

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_pmatching_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/pmatching

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_pmatching_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/pmatching

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_query_fai_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/query_fai

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_query_fai_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/query_fai

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_sAndI_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/sAndI

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_sAndI_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/sAndI

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_testaln_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/testaln

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_apps_testaln_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/sandbox/my_sandbox/apps/testaln

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_demos_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/sandbox/my_sandbox/demos

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_demos_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/sandbox/my_sandbox/demos

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_tests_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10/sandbox/my_sandbox/tests

//Value Computed by CMake
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_tests_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk/sandbox/my_sandbox/tests


########################
# INTERNAL cache entries
########################

//Stored GUID
ALL_BUILD_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=30BFFE05-CE10-4209-8AA2-BE538F8E6FB4
//ADVANCED property for variable: BZIP2_INCLUDE_DIR
BZIP2_INCLUDE_DIR-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: Boost_INCLUDE_DIR
Boost_INCLUDE_DIR-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_BUILD_TOOL
CMAKE_BUILD_TOOL-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//What is the target build tool cmake is generating for.
CMAKE_BUILD_TOOL:INTERNAL=C:/PROGRA~2/MICROS~2.0/Common7/IDE/devenv.com
//This is the directory where this CMakeCache.txt was created
CMAKE_CACHEFILE_DIR:INTERNAL=c:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk-build/vs10
//Major version of cmake used to create the current loaded cache
CMAKE_CACHE_MAJOR_VERSION:INTERNAL=2
//Minor version of cmake used to create the current loaded cache
CMAKE_CACHE_MINOR_VERSION:INTERNAL=8
//Patch version of cmake used to create the current loaded cache
CMAKE_CACHE_PATCH_VERSION:INTERNAL=7
//Path to CMake executable.
CMAKE_COMMAND:INTERNAL=C:/Program Files (x86)/CMake 2.8/bin/cmake.exe
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_CONFIGURATION_TYPES
CMAKE_CONFIGURATION_TYPES-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//Path to cpack program executable.
CMAKE_CPACK_COMMAND:INTERNAL=C:/Program Files (x86)/CMake 2.8/bin/cpack.exe
//Path to ctest program executable.
CMAKE_CTEST_COMMAND:INTERNAL=C:/Program Files (x86)/CMake 2.8/bin/ctest.exe
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_CXX_COMPILER
CMAKE_CXX_COMPILER-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
CMAKE_CXX_COMPILER_WORKS:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_DEBUG
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_DEBUG-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_RELEASE
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_RELEASE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_CXX_STANDARD_LIBRARIES
CMAKE_CXX_STANDARD_LIBRARIES-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_C_COMPILER
CMAKE_C_COMPILER-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
CMAKE_C_COMPILER_WORKS:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_C_FLAGS
CMAKE_C_FLAGS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_C_FLAGS_DEBUG
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_DEBUG-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_C_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_C_FLAGS_RELEASE
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_RELEASE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_C_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_C_STANDARD_LIBRARIES
CMAKE_C_STANDARD_LIBRARIES-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//Result of TRY_COMPILE
CMAKE_DETERMINE_CXX_ABI_COMPILED:INTERNAL=TRUE
//Result of TRY_COMPILE
CMAKE_DETERMINE_C_ABI_COMPILED:INTERNAL=TRUE
//Path to cache edit program executable.
CMAKE_EDIT_COMMAND:INTERNAL=C:/Program Files (x86)/CMake 2.8/bin/cmake-gui.exe
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//Name of generator.
CMAKE_GENERATOR:INTERNAL=Visual Studio 10
//Start directory with the top level CMakeLists.txt file for this
// project
CMAKE_HOME_DIRECTORY:INTERNAL=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_LINKER
CMAKE_LINKER-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_MAKE_PROGRAM
CMAKE_MAKE_PROGRAM-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//number of local generators
CMAKE_NUMBER_OF_LOCAL_GENERATORS:INTERNAL=83
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_RC_COMPILER
CMAKE_RC_COMPILER-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
CMAKE_RC_COMPILER_WORKS:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_RC_FLAGS
CMAKE_RC_FLAGS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//Path to CMake installation.
CMAKE_ROOT:INTERNAL=C:/Program Files (x86)/CMake 2.8/share/cmake-2.8
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_SKIP_RPATH
CMAKE_SKIP_RPATH-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_USE_RELATIVE_PATHS
CMAKE_USE_RELATIVE_PATHS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_VERBOSE_MAKEFILE
CMAKE_VERBOSE_MAKEFILE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//Details about finding PythonInterp
FIND_PACKAGE_MESSAGE_DETAILS_PythonInterp:INTERNAL=[C:/Python27/python.exe][v2.7.3()]
//Stored GUID
INSTALL_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D8C4AF4D-9AE4-4E7F-86F5-6A9DCF5A882D
//ADVANCED property for variable: Java_JAR_EXECUTABLE
Java_JAR_EXECUTABLE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: Java_JAVAC_EXECUTABLE
Java_JAVAC_EXECUTABLE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: Java_JAVADOC_EXECUTABLE
Java_JAVADOC_EXECUTABLE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: Java_JAVAH_EXECUTABLE
Java_JAVAH_EXECUTABLE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: Java_JAVA_EXECUTABLE
Java_JAVA_EXECUTABLE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: LEMON_INCLUDE_DIR
LEMON_INCLUDE_DIR-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: LEMON_LIBRARY
LEMON_LIBRARY-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: OpenMP_CXX_FLAGS
OpenMP_CXX_FLAGS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: OpenMP_C_FLAGS
OpenMP_C_FLAGS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//Test OpenMP_FLAG_DETECTED
OpenMP_FLAG_DETECTED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: PYTHON_EXECUTABLE
PYTHON_EXECUTABLE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//Stored GUID
RUN_TESTS_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=0EF1B936-2FE8-4B3D-B82E-4CD691B73060
//Used legacy build system.
SEQAN_BUILD_SYSTEM_LEGACY:INTERNAL=OFF
SEQAN_CTD_EXECUTABLES:INTERNAL=dfi;pair_align;razers;razers2;sak;seqan_tcoffee;seqcons;stellar;tree_recon;alf;insegt;masai_indexer;masai_mapper;masai_output_se;masai_output_pe;razers3
//Root source directory.
SEQAN_ROOT_SOURCE_DIR:INTERNAL=C:/Daten/seqan_dev/Development/seqan-trunk
//Whether or not to expect the SeqAn build system with core/extras
// structure.
SEQAN_USE_SEQAN_BUILD_SYSTEM:INTERNAL=TRUE
//SeqAn major version.
SEQAN_VERSION_MAJOR:INTERNAL=1
//SeqAn minor version.
SEQAN_VERSION_MINOR:INTERNAL=4
//SeqAn patch version.
SEQAN_VERSION_PATCH:INTERNAL=0
//Whether version is a pre-release version version.
SEQAN_VERSION_PRE_RELEASE:INTERNAL=1
//SeqAn version string.
SEQAN_VERSION_STRING:INTERNAL=1.4.0
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_CMake Rules_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F5EDE823-9BDB-4F6D-BD70-7EB337EDE2E4
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_Header Files_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=54671E11-60E2-4BD0-BF53-B82EC2BE94B5
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_Resources_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=ABF096EE-9E1C-440A-A974-4446694307D3
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_Source Files_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=CA801271-4D22-4BED-9749-CA2EC9CFADFE
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\align_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=02815C25-45CB-4CF6-BAF0-CF0FC9C270B9
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\align_split_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D48D9C3B-C54E-4635-9969-68411D8C5D11
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\alignment_free_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=FD1A92E6-BC25-4D1B-BFEA-5249331C94D6
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\arg_parse_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=725DBBF1-0840-40B1-A228-F6D646E43D4C
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\bam_io_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=85381F49-632E-485F-8174-9E80A01C2E34
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\basic_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=15AC2F7F-E593-4BFA-AD9E-4981B16ED8C0
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\consensus_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=55D6990D-4620-4463-8881-20D398C62EA7
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\file_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=850C08DF-B57B-4D6B-8EB9-173CFC5AD92E
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\find_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=EC9AF1AD-1DD4-4AC4-83A0-1892208B90F8
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\find_motif_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=9008E43A-FAA7-4802-9B77-EFFB82D54AF4
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\gff_io_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=FE9CBD13-2314-4CE9-8B7F-D6A76F6AFF01
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\graph_algorithms_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=676C7CAF-49F6-4875-9A13-521AC09D5D41
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\graph_align_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=0AC4ACCA-8EEB-436C-8569-817DF6B54622
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\graph_msa_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=659295BB-D635-4464-A563-406B6DEA6E53
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\graph_types_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=7997DB1B-B5DB-42D1-BE85-F6D66029BC27
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\index_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=17DD40A6-3CC0-4467-B906-17948D057EE9
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\journaled_set_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=AE183F72-55CA-49C3-9797-3A90FFDB0869
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\map_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=7B3B5318-3B72-43CA-9841-9B5F6A701626
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\math_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=84F34A5B-D696-4E03-9D6D-462713737987
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\misc_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D53684FA-A12B-49A9-BA50-74EBD4654821
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\modifier_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=A70CF1E9-44FB-458A-8821-B055DBB456CF
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\parallel_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F44A7940-ED49-45F9-9FDF-74C0321DFAE4
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\parse_lm_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4BB7460E-F2EA-4A63-A5BE-9184220FF56A
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\pipe_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=5DE7FE41-BB26-4036-A8E4-11E5BE70AAA7
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\platform_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=821AB8B2-8A34-4CB4-AA6E-7351C843BD12
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\random_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=DA49C5DB-DCED-47C5-B424-D0869FECA58F
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\score_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=11E220D1-B90F-49E6-88AD-27FAAAE39E97
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\seeds_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=7498CABB-4656-424F-9FC5-34EC37389148
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\seq_io_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=7B405A24-AEEF-4AEC-A7CF-F8299BC9372C
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\sequence_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=B7A92FCF-EDB3-47E4-A858-3429D218EDB2
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\sequence_journaled_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=B92AE35D-EDAA-4D82-949D-B182761D5AFF
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\statistics_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C1CFABEF-C125-4299-B2CE-C2196C48D5F2
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\store_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E0483AA2-8987-47A1-AA1D-E9984609DF3C
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\stream_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4A69C0E8-39C3-46C4-8ABE-233826EDB76B
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan\system_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=3CAC4DA5-6980-46C4-812C-919A468FD74C
//Stored GUID
SG_Filter_seqan_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=A3D1991B-03AA-4AC8-8713-A448CBE54824
//Stored GUID
ZERO_CHECK_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=86A0D0E0-DD9A-43A5-9262-81223B458126
//ADVANCED property for variable: ZLIB_INCLUDE_DIR
ZLIB_INCLUDE_DIR-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: ZLIB_LIBRARY
ZLIB_LIBRARY-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//Result of TRY_COMPILE
_SEQAN_COMPILE_RESULT:INTERNAL=TRUE
//ADVANCED property for variable: _SEQAN_HAVE_EXECINFO
_SEQAN_HAVE_EXECINFO-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//Have includes _SEQAN_HAVE_EXECINFO
_SEQAN_HAVE_EXECINFO:INTERNAL=
//Result of TRY_RUN
_SEQAN_RUN_RESULT:INTERNAL=0
//Stored GUID
alf_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=5EDF755F-2C45-4622-9BD9-6C917466409A
//Stored GUID
alnment_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D21354E1-0C46-45BD-ADCE-54798FCF93F4
//Stored GUID
basic_seq_io_example_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=6A64C4CD-6BC2-4FFF-9AEC-62CB12C942A8
//Stored GUID
demo_align_gaps_clipping_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=917891DA-44B3-4945-BE00-4D937508C215
//Stored GUID
demo_alignment_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=28F0CDE1-ECCA-40A7-BE7B-8F7C6CCBC952
//Stored GUID
demo_alignment_local_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4DBA9286-0F99-49EE-8E4A-492C584B0FF4
//Stored GUID
demo_alignment_msa_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=BFA2E026-5371-4136-9DC4-F5C8D76E7956
//Stored GUID
demo_allocator_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=346A54E0-0AFC-472B-8A19-15CB8FBAB683
//Stored GUID
demo_alphabet_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=B6DD19D2-4242-40B7-9CF3-94701D7982D4
//Stored GUID
demo_annotation_converter_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D83670F4-EE24-47FF-8F34-8C349B423237
//Stored GUID
demo_arg_align_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=92C5D0EA-8435-400A-B827-D407230ED6AA
//Stored GUID
demo_arg_parse_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=3AB5F536-099E-4D20-A878-F6F63490953D
//Stored GUID
demo_bam_library_size_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=7E94CE07-5199-4B0A-B970-9165F7490BB8
//Stored GUID
demo_bam_print_alignments_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=36BBD45C-9B8A-43B1-BA8C-0A9503BD853B
//Stored GUID
demo_bam_stats_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E413C6AE-48BD-4250-A40A-B482357E8B75
//Stored GUID
demo_bamutil_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=CB463338-4917-4781-A12F-D7BA2E2F63CD
//Stored GUID
demo_benchmark_stream_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=CA7C4584-6022-4F60-A24F-283A53841C70
//Stored GUID
demo_benchmark_stream_write_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=62908FA2-9E94-4697-BD9E-DF375C1CD213
//Stored GUID
demo_enumerate_strings_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C008B134-A3BB-4F17-ABA2-907F3F6B5986
//Stored GUID
demo_example_seq_io_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=ECBDF849-22EB-477A-A413-5A64FFBB7606
//Stored GUID
demo_file_format_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F23CB8EC-C295-44B0-AE8F-E51841DB252F
//Stored GUID
demo_file_readwrite_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=79FE29C7-2CE6-48BB-AEB0-5E33321AD222
//Stored GUID
demo_file_speed_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=74620F7C-53EB-4B59-AB2E-4D38EC031281
//Stored GUID
demo_filter_sam_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=96416724-8D67-437D-A48E-22324B6CCA95
//Stored GUID
demo_find_approx_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C439E9C3-4E0A-4506-BF1C-45D93B609C2A
//Stored GUID
demo_find_exact_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F670A244-AC18-4172-B6B1-2DCEF3F5C87F
//Stored GUID
demo_find_motif_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1A88E203-1342-49AF-AA60-97B4FA6FDB12
//Stored GUID
demo_find_wild_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=25CDA5DB-25A9-4452-86F8-0EF6CF440EE2
//Stored GUID
demo_gff2gtf_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=2C572AD3-A1F6-452F-9776-886A902D0184
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_bfs_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4959E6EF-DB92-4754-9CE3-A1296F643795
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_dfs_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F543A397-5C39-4B5B-BCAA-2E016C3267BF
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_flow_fordfulkerson_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=366EF1A5-1191-44AA-9A44-37D24E2E81F5
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_his_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=23A2AEA6-B82B-46DB-81FD-78BB1D4AAFB1
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_lcs_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4F78EFD0-B5A9-46D8-A1F1-DB233382D62C
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_lis_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=AED21371-184D-4958-A762-308B114D9B88
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_path_allpairs_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C9D71120-8442-4977-ACBD-738164C0DAA3
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_path_bellmanford_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D2851E77-DEEC-4CCC-98E2-83C1AC5D589F
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_path_dag_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=8BC541C9-835A-4BCB-A341-5011088F5005
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_path_dijkstra_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=69265899-DB83-45F2-98CE-0E9C5AFEB901
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_path_floydwarshall_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=A842B4C7-0511-4ED8-B8DB-513A214BB520
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_path_transitive_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=6FAB16A8-D8D7-4A60-89D7-1B47F92F8000
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_scc_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=8570E4D9-0053-425B-A4F8-0C109D202789
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_topsort_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=AA3869A6-F456-4465-9DEB-C65944734DC3
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_tree_kruskal_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=CCD34597-BBD6-4C8A-ADF4-D83149005096
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_algo_tree_prim_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E0E7B4AA-2ADA-4AB9-95BC-E535E076FDB5
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_hmm_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=072E8FA7-F3C9-430B-BF77-E1D20451C987
//Stored GUID
demo_graph_hmm_silent_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=CBDC2325-7FFC-4727-B20B-C4A6AC36B312
//Stored GUID
demo_howto_clip_alignments_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=6854EE68-3B56-4EE2-80A4-186826CC7A6A
//Stored GUID
demo_howto_cmdparser_example_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=6A5C6C92-95CD-4031-AA78-78EDACF649DD
//Stored GUID
demo_howto_efficiently_import_sequences_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=80C976CF-80D2-4C15-992B-B64AE2D9CE53
//Stored GUID
demo_howto_filter_similar_sequences_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=83911DBD-D365-4B42-8D62-5555809B3DE6
//Stored GUID
demo_howto_scores_init_score_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=525E0D3C-C95B-42DD-96A1-DCCEF8E3ED08
//Stored GUID
demo_howto_scores_load_score_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=7C4EC5A4-52DE-45FB-A407-B0193A5DA370
//Stored GUID
demo_index_counting_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F4FDFBE9-42B5-43BB-83A8-6EC9449BFBE8
//Stored GUID
demo_index_find_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=2EA8D923-46D6-4976-8232-0B03166AF1DD
//Stored GUID
demo_index_find_stringset_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=56517ED0-6575-4DB3-965C-FABC3DF59327
//Stored GUID
demo_index_lcp_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=9D072E2A-5C1B-4222-B9C1-20877F65382F
//Stored GUID
demo_index_maxrepeats_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C1C68EFE-D24F-474F-88FB-8D6217CC8A37
//Stored GUID
demo_index_mummy_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E6E712E7-D9B9-4E2E-8C7C-64BB30A56FCB
//Stored GUID
demo_index_mums_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=DFDC5E22-4B4D-417F-B3A0-590E119B16C5
//Stored GUID
demo_index_node_predicate_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E6014FD9-CA61-491D-A692-8D1CD9B218B2
//Stored GUID
demo_index_qgram_counts_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D39CE862-9244-46BF-9477-1E3269069172
//Stored GUID
demo_index_sufarray_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F63F0394-77C0-4EBA-81E5-C46C5A4C84F0
//Stored GUID
demo_index_supermaxrepeats_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=3BA3345D-15D3-4608-ACD0-5C1D2492D6D2
//Stored GUID
demo_interval_tree_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=EA7B3FAC-F4F5-4650-81D5-574FAD2674E7
//Stored GUID
demo_iterator_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=245BB19C-741E-4894-984C-C975C1083B38
//Stored GUID
demo_modifier_modreverse_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=8075B3A6-17AB-4463-8600-049A69274607
//Stored GUID
demo_modifier_modview_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=28714654-DBFD-44FB-A6AA-B2C9F8D325F1
//Stored GUID
demo_modifier_nested_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E5DB25A5-11A0-4577-A93F-7989BFE93F69
//Stored GUID
demo_parse_lm_stellar_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=5F103C98-D4DC-4FD5-9C7F-04104357FA16
//Stored GUID
demo_pipe_sort_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=152777EA-F92A-4D3D-AEE5-9F2E7F7312D8
//Stored GUID
demo_repeats_demo_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=19A02A81-827C-4DD9-BECE-BFE6993E7FB7
//Stored GUID
demo_rooted_iterator_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=823D6598-E720-4BDF-AD2A-DAFE98AD4732
//Stored GUID
demo_sam2svg_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1BDE34F7-93E5-4F57-A64D-AFF52C11C9D1
//Stored GUID
demo_sample_seqs_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=2587AB14-9CED-47B1-9FBE-4E760BF0CF79
//Stored GUID
demo_seeds_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1D282AF4-ECE6-4E63-AA3E-B9C5C4126E8D
//Stored GUID
demo_segmentalignment_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=7AEB7E85-C5C6-4045-895A-C1878C184EDD
//Stored GUID
demo_sequence_length_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=74D5406F-9EAC-40D3-800F-19E32ADCF76A
//Stored GUID
demo_soft_to_hard_masking_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=95D03A2E-0EB9-475F-B59C-7D24BD129D48
//Stored GUID
demo_stream_read_fastq_gz_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1E3E531B-4A83-45CE-9513-8CAC129A52B6
//Stored GUID
demo_template_subclassing_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=B3B199BB-A1EB-483E-9594-19A4FDE8C919
//Stored GUID
demo_terminal_demo_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=26EF0844-2998-4D06-9449-86B5FED9573C
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment2_align_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D128DC13-E192-45DD-9BA2-8BDFEEE88177
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_align_assignment1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=2DF1E222-8E88-4DE4-A909-5017E857B436
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_banded_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=6414BE5E-1F0D-474E-A45C-6322B91148F6
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_gaps_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=7DE33441-E119-4DAC-B052-E3CD82194FF8
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_global_assignment1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E6704B89-A3B6-4DC2-9FED-CA888ACA7E61
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_global_assignment2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D10BDDAE-6AB5-4A9A-A67A-C5CE0362939C
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_global_assignment3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=AF6F4C76-210D-4D7D-B5AA-ECD79F5A1ACB
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_global_assignment4_part1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=CF837175-0920-461D-829B-79C33ED63432
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_global_assignment4_part2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=5F000A3F-2822-4D43-9915-0379D6AA562D
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_global_overlap_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E5EDDD50-9BC6-412E-9279-A4127FDA3C36
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_global_specialised_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E854A8D8-3CAE-4063-BC5E-51EF4C9C44BF
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_global_standard_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=B804ECBD-C51B-4A5F-9E95-1846A3AAA724
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_local_standard_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=72FD5C7A-1347-4BD2-A533-EAE3DBCC45A6
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_local_waterman_eggert_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=58011862-C7CF-43D3-803E-AEFCCF4C256F
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_msa_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=492B2B8D-D8C4-47C1-B817-24103963623B
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_msa_assignment1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=616318EF-9D3A-43EE-AF2B-50B8F5CAEDC7
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_pairwise_global2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E5A0661A-38EF-414C-8EAA-0A6D22CFEE13
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_pairwise_global_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=A4C8F145-CA2A-434F-B5FD-ED9DE8B34DAD
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_pairwise_global_assignment1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=6D2E424A-E8F0-4D90-B98F-5870A91EA7A0
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_pairwise_global_assignment2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D605B96D-B8A4-4455-803B-0F67BF21BD74
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_pairwise_local_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=B2909714-2EEB-4543-94A1-4260FC302E8A
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_pairwise_local_assignment1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=97E5839C-D16D-428B-851D-5A2997233D0D
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_representation_alignment_graph_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=5D2DE768-4BD2-4DC6-9B03-83A95300F76C
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_alignment_representation_alignment_graph_assignment1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=904504E9-A6AF-4B17-B9DC-20E9E2F46897
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_pairwise_sequence_alignment_assignment5_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=9726BB45-DACD-46C3-9A8A-8C81536A3A3B
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_pairwise_sequence_alignment_assignment5_step1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=0D147ADA-40D3-4CBD-BD1C-9A6CFD821AC4
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_pairwise_sequence_alignment_assignment5_step2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=87ACD916-3346-4811-B596-82BC51CFB53C
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_pairwise_sequence_alignment_assignment5_step3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=81022DA8-C150-4C9D-8D78-22D0333DBCA6
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_pairwise_sequence_alignment_assignment5_step4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=DF49C491-4443-4A91-9435-EAA5D8B68834
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_pairwise_sequence_alignment_assignment5_step5_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=AE7F8BF0-C305-4A82-9E50-AB98B3B65A3D
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alignments_pairwise_sequence_alignment_assignment5_step6_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=2318115F-A38E-41EB-9A52-89E877C76E6A
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_alphabets_alphabet_assignment_1_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=0D562F13-1D68-4F0C-A94D-C544F7E04ACE
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_annotation_store_assignment_1_hint_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D8E655A3-B96D-4230-BD9E-CAC6541F822D
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_annotation_store_assignment_1_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=2305A200-51E7-4D52-8A9F-8E978FAFA15B
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_annotation_store_assignment_2_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D9D67248-52D7-44C6-AD71-1487125D4FEA
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_annotation_store_assignment_3_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=75A7E243-F117-40D7-AEFD-FFB7C0501AC7
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_annotation_store_assignment_4_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E1F3B176-50B1-4889-878E-E914269B82F8
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_bam_io_example1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=FA02C804-83D8-4E8F-ADC6-C470A1EE5CCA
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_bam_io_example2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1E95ADF7-A7C2-4838-BE05-060C0738BD8F
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_bam_io_example3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=57A4566B-D87D-4C73-94C4-C391E4017BAC
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_bam_io_example4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=5EB38C01-7BBC-4A18-B8B7-1C9C3CF644FA
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_bam_io_example5_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=EDBF9227-7FC8-4668-8BD3-C91D10796F6E
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_bam_io_example6_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=EB66B832-CBEC-4AD5-A381-BB88439A1045
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_bam_io_example7_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=499907DE-F2F8-4C25-A1E4-9C05FC1B35B3
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_bam_io_solution1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=9B0CAA48-CD6F-4DB0-87AD-2527F996311A
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_bam_io_solution2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E723B303-86DA-4AAA-9B4C-DBA9B910BC44
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_bam_io_solution3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F5426F9F-DF29-4DEF-9653-7139E40F720B
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sam_bam_io_example1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F1CA44DF-B2CB-4663-A57C-497D0C50C2E0
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sam_bam_io_example2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4087FAD6-6231-450A-B1B8-66B4022011A4
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sam_bam_io_example3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=093164AE-4AAC-42E9-B243-216221B1EAC2
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sam_bam_io_solution1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=71BF7AB4-8E29-4F7C-BCDE-EC8FE3333C9A
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sam_bam_io_solution2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E0468719-3EFB-4F72-AE90-C7984FBF15E1
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sam_bam_io_solution3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=6B851572-45EE-4102-9484-8230B01247FF
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sam_bam_io_solution4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=16F2A9D8-15EA-476D-9F3C-AF007247403C
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sequence_io_example1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=661ECA03-6B52-4C36-8DBD-6395ADC12BA0
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sequence_io_example2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1984C13A-BDDE-4367-936E-E911F963CDF1
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sequence_io_example3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=ED742B66-C4AF-4484-A651-79957FC70D34
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sequence_io_solution1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C2A18CE0-32F3-419B-857C-3BA379926E68
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sequence_io_solution2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=3FE5F35C-6D43-4DBB-B36B-4D1C46B859F8
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sequence_io_solution3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=166186BA-6607-4EE0-B3FF-7AA4A7C1D728
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sequence_io_solution4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=DF469190-27F2-4482-9946-E1803306FA83
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sequence_io_solution5_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=90BF977C-0D33-4EF5-A363-4A767A5FC527
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basic_sequence_io_solution6_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=48048EF2-6D0C-49B3-B9FB-43E6EA3BB6D9
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basics_allocator_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E212314A-B727-4DB1-AB96-5DD226D8D872
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basics_show_alphabets_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=68D23982-B26C-49B9-A852-776717EACBBD
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basics_strings_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E62CDD9C-8772-4077-B16A-A542339D6EDB
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_basics_swap_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1EE36905-CE13-4408-AB99-B26F6E12D526
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_data_journaling_example_join_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=A95BFD2E-8A09-4AC3-98C8-24FA93C5C4AB
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_data_journaling_example_journal_string_basic_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=9DBB2026-016F-49CB-9F7C-2F08E66110D0
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_data_journaling_example_online_search_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=49415A03-ED44-4F4D-9FD8-3BDAE46DC2E6
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_data_journaling_example_online_search_assignment1_hint_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=A0BC3E1F-73B7-4AE0-B910-4DB158E1D17B
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_data_journaling_example_online_search_assignment2_hint_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E28B51B2-5458-459F-9159-0751DC987E6C
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_data_journaling_example_online_search_assignment3_hint_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=DC28E801-5C09-4533-86DD-9CB02090B355
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_data_journaling_example_online_search_assignment4_hint_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D9CA1531-74AC-4310-B372-C0A2C44A6FA2
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_data_journaling_solution_online_search_assignment1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=B43054FE-637A-433E-8F62-22987FC2985D
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_data_journaling_solution_online_search_assignment2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C930CFBF-41F2-4D52-BDFC-72588BA0C8E7
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_data_journaling_solution_online_search_assignment3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=DC5A7CAE-71DB-4521-830F-D646CB9C5F0D
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_data_journaling_solution_online_search_assignment4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4D540D81-C5F8-4243-9135-0DC3D54959D0
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_data_journaling_solution_online_search_finder_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=B35885B3-ADDD-44FC-832A-A665B6CD405C
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_file_io_example1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=BB6C18A6-1ADC-434C-903F-6CFDA780D91A
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_file_io_mmap_string_example_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=587D5314-0ECE-47F4-BB34-FBAACCC3C74E
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_file_io_solution1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=896A7693-99D9-4F7D-9AB2-E76EF33BDA9E
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_file_io_solution2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C6390D8D-EFA4-4AB8-B9DC-DCE48FBF85D9
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_file_io_stream_compression_formats_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=B80DC321-65E0-4542-B84E-2127A7C2C44E
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_find_find_approx_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=A43A91BC-85D7-4C3C-9885-76DBAB8659B1
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_find_find_assignment1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=3C2812C3-29D3-4004-AEF8-ADEDACB180D4
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_find_find_assignment2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E9B2B713-F56E-4FBB-A6C6-CA34B49020B8
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_find_find_assignment3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=5EC075E6-6560-4020-BCE6-9D70014B8D37
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_find_find_exact_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=37190B6A-2FC0-452E-BA69-B370BE739FF8
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_find_find_index_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E38D3B5A-909C-4106-915D-CF8CF8086000
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_find_find_index_multiple_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=EC31661F-09A3-4D6D-813D-1C9E87DE50E8
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_find_motif_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4FE6A780-B65D-4234-BDAC-4D7B0ABEEE77
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_find_motif_pms1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D36CB31C-A93A-469F-8912-3DBE935CF94E
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_first_steps_basic_code_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=275A00F8-B3BE-4454-8AEA-84171BE540CC
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_first_steps_basic_code_detailed_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=CF1C28E5-A401-461E-B773-F04E1B7B731A
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_first_steps_code_encapsulation_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=19D74261-AE57-4BF6-BC56-6807C8DD5FC7
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_first_steps_final_result_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=DD236657-EAF2-4395-95C1-23885C8A7D6B
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_first_steps_solution_1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1DDADC60-A682-4E1D-9259-ABD34BDEFCC1
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_first_steps_solution_2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=9D6A99A4-07DB-479B-89BE-CC61908CAEE7
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_first_steps_solution_3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=0FD147F2-7FD8-4439-9A62-9CCC41D03E7A
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_first_steps_solution_4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C411A090-2651-4490-A3AE-64C06A169974
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_first_steps_solution_5_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C73362B4-9350-469D-A263-F6E835DDB75E
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_first_steps_solution_6_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1BF6346A-C360-4B4F-B9AC-7897AC90C997
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_graph_graph_algo_scc_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=B2DF93ED-288C-46AD-9DCE-5C19EE77A19D
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_graph_graph_dijkstra_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4FFCB758-8462-4CB4-AF3E-1EEE6016D9BA
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_graph_graph_hmm_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=DDE9F8B5-1D73-4429-84F1-76FEB4325E81
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_index_assignment1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=BF04C545-3D0C-4009-978C-7D2FB94E91D7
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_index_assignment2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=95E22FEA-BCD9-437A-9117-4D407DFCBF6E
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_index_assignment3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F06F1518-3522-4430-AF19-C171FCCB69AF
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_index_assignment4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=59C66FA4-14DC-4A8E-AA24-2CF802594189
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_index_assignment5_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F361E365-59A1-4681-B41F-D42D5BCF49FD
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_index_assignment6_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=977DF95D-1B26-41CD-A892-E27147B5ABCF
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_index_preorder_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F810D894-4326-4BFA-9D0F-73473A29F750
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_index_property_maps_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=5F0B7920-6B67-4AE3-B396-A960B93586EB
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_index_qgram_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=812BF298-A47D-4A60-AD07-D1D617013CAC
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_index_search2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F37B8BF7-C95A-4FD2-8289-7577110348DE
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_index_search_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=78CE94B0-FBF4-4E44-8FCB-C0F421EFEE92
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_indices_assignment_1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=DCF87F59-5D10-4D00-A81C-9610B7AC3A6D
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_indices_assignment_2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=98DA4FF6-54CB-4410-9072-5A8BCA8C6EBE
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_iterator_solution1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=DF2E2612-EA79-4238-ABA4-4AC9FE757B4D
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_index_iterator_solution2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=9DB3EE2D-6263-4C12-80A1-B53A3BE93AB0
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_indexed_fasta_io_solution1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=0DC78790-F099-44E9-A73F-0A33CD91A478
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_indexed_fasta_io_solution2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=FB9F5B29-1C39-4657-8B9B-199F7369F08B
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_iterators_iterators_assignment_1_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E5B6A86A-B8C9-4E10-8922-041E5E70A8C6
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_iterators_iterators_assignment_2_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=3D891F67-E277-4DB8-BCCD-94AD3E3BE563
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_iterators_iterators_assignment_3_workshop_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=2AC04168-F0C4-44B0-B6E5-9DAD1AE42EBB
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_iterators_iterators_assignment_4_workshop_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=56C4EEAB-A1CC-4B40-91E5-0125DD44877F
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_iterators_sequence_iterator_demo_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D9592C2B-B6D5-411A-AA42-32827B7F6BB7
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_lexical_casting_solution1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4890C5A0-054B-40B3-BA34-7D2A151F5F7A
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_mini_bowtie_mini_bowtie_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=A6B03155-0477-4246-8EF6-0ECECD29AC60
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_mini_bowtie_solution1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=13718F4D-026D-4D1B-AAD7-63B06B07DDB6
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_mini_bowtie_solution2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F84A29BE-5B67-4A76-8FF3-4A040F70A157
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_mini_bowtie_solution3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=EE11FEDC-BF70-4CE4-8463-C0F3F11C3013
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_mini_bowtie_solution4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=CA7A6B70-4DBF-4007-BBFE-C439590504A0
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_mini_bowtie_solution5_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D6EA068E-7449-44EE-B19C-7D58D8832121
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_parsing_example1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=B58CE1A0-6360-4C6A-AA8F-FB07ADBB3207
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_parsing_parse_blastn_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4891DF0F-53F2-48F2-862D-7D1466E4D103
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_parsing_parse_gff2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=A47F8BB9-8944-4839-906E-2C22CBEFB94E
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_parsing_parse_newick_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=04C00F67-C6C9-4ED2-BB64-F9A2C72E9308
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_parsing_reader_double_demo_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=365CFE29-98AC-4E44-A0F1-0144FC014720
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_parsing_reader_single_demo_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=3D2C6A3F-B336-48B5-A499-C779B7282379
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_parsing_solution1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=715DE4B4-3E03-4526-83B8-676CE3F6C420
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_parsing_solution2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=731E812D-E606-41D2-B818-ECCDDB9286A3
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_parsing_solution3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=63EE52F9-32E0-42BC-BFE0-8593F14B4924
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_random_random_examples_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=6067348F-F939-406D-B168-3222C4FBF41D
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_read_mapping_minimapper_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=84F9145A-99AA-41B4-87B1-228A3EE7E6B4
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_rnaseq_genequant_assignment1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=0390DB27-87B8-4EBA-B51B-3311AA0D439D
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_rnaseq_genequant_assignment2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=69F5B847-E596-4C4B-A105-83D103790A6E
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_rnaseq_genequant_assignment3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=31634E39-98DE-4254-A4C7-3CFEFF7A36E1
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_rnaseq_genequant_assignment4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=9D64E941-6363-446C-892B-0586B878E75F
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_rnaseq_genequant_assignment5_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=754AD4BD-FAF6-45F7-A2A1-168A0716E3DA
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_rnaseq_genequant_solution1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=605371AD-ED6E-4A20-A726-A1D57067424D
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_rnaseq_genequant_solution2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=BB16B37F-185A-4283-838E-042AD8E47855
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_rnaseq_genequant_solution3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=FA611916-CACF-40A5-AB01-9B184962DAB0
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_rnaseq_genequant_solution4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=858D890C-B5DC-4D77-9D46-697015C63752
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_rnaseq_genequant_solution5_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=BE90D36F-C750-4594-B324-2B65C953BD58
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_example1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C58408B3-1D86-4989-B9FA-F2BC129896B8
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_example2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F4448277-B9B1-4619-B044-BBF5DA85916B
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_example3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=B73641CB-287D-492C-9B5D-B2084ABEB769
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_example4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E878A88E-6D21-48F6-92AE-FC7B9046A5DB
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_example5_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=05CEF8AE-F3EA-460C-8E2D-CEE687ABFD89
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_example6_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=8665E489-42EC-451D-8F3F-B6D9456F650A
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_example7_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=A9D136D4-4E0E-415C-85F6-AA0CC61C35C0
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_example8_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=7B9DB88A-EBCB-4F2C-8D92-5B5DDD80EDC4
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_solution1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4E0847A2-C26C-4BD9-9CBD-5E07F49CC36A
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_solution2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D133EAD6-67D5-4986-927B-49A820EBDF3A
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_solution3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=9BED78AB-7CB1-4B4F-9AF5-2E1EC0479FC1
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_solution4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=2809397D-9F41-4E9F-A618-ACBCEFF20ED7
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_solution5_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=49858A6B-ECB8-4C23-B8DE-8844A1F2A9F6
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_solution6_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=47D1E3BF-10EF-4B4C-8FF7-024F8DEE6AED
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_seed_and_extend_solution7_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E0686F6E-05AB-409B-AF79-2C10A24DB088
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_count_characters_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D50E73C0-5641-4DFB-B6DB-E2AA8AC1B065
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_count_generic_characters_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=067E7EB0-D4A1-49DE-B6C6-1F39A57A26E5
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_example1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=ABEA0BC4-3D05-45BD-8EC6-2A615B5A8017
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_example2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C9ABA336-AEEA-49BA-80A1-19C8C50CEFAF
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_example3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=23AAD56C-28C6-46EA-AA44-7D2D24579918
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_example4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=DF18EC37-057D-4CC7-A948-386DF5F98DBE
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_example5_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D7F8EFB6-C999-4041-B3B8-5DA6D5FE78B9
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_example6_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=017D2F73-3C51-4F42-B464-9CD50FE8F047
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_example7_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=ABD7DB69-6F61-4A1B-A5FD-04FEABCD0F0F
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_example8_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4C9AA704-E138-4862-9623-8E11B3801005
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_example9_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=177C2B8A-BFAF-4FE0-BAB8-872204B10F05
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_solution1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=709B6D08-D80E-47F3-B3FD-A24AB634923D
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_solution2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=95D446FA-E700-4B3F-B116-714F95CF6EB6
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_solution3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=6344240C-FD16-405F-828B-2584FA287055
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_solution4_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=55C2AEC2-FC24-4420-9BA5-96BA79486B5D
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_solution5_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=6441E377-7780-455B-BA94-269E254AAD37
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_io_solution6_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=32B01388-B8A9-44D7-BF72-76B5DF62600F
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_replace_as_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=CB3F054B-6904-4BC2-99DA-C1EA0DBCC370
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_sequence_all_strings_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=3D65D269-49A9-42CE-8673-67980DE85B63
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequence_sequence_iterator_demo_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=5D49F8CA-98C7-4E5E-92F4-66834FD92D87
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequences_in_depth_assignment_exact_generous_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=CB6EEE11-55D7-466D-8FED-867583C9659B
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequences_lexical_assignment_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=5DA59741-4C9C-43D7-AC01-2B55C5FCEBC9
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequences_segments_assignment_2_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=334B2B1E-3CB7-4790-B97F-D376B6369477
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequences_segments_assignment_hint_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=BEEF3844-D0BF-4616-813D-5F30CD0FB180
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequences_segments_assignment_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F2ACC112-0656-4951-A3E6-9B2BBDC9CF83
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_sequences_string_assignment_1_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=611C1710-50A2-4ADF-B463-153FDE4D7616
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_store_store_access_aligned_reads2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=855BDF18-7A7F-42D9-9BBF-6742B02E8F0F
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_store_store_access_aligned_reads_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E7A44646-06E1-44D3-ABA3-81B8A61A585B
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_store_store_diplay_aligned_reads_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=CDB587B6-80FF-42DD-B755-7356E25933F0
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_stream_lexical_cast_example_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=6498C500-C8DC-4C88-A8D7-74F5AE5372DB
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_stream_stream_read2_fastq_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=780DD6EE-E813-4AA0-825F-4CCB6FAE8401
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_stream_stream_read_record_auto_format_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D022CD06-61BF-4EF7-84FF-1675F9D6888A
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_stream_stream_read_record_fasta_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=CCCD0825-3616-4195-8AD8-81A645878D64
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_string_sets_assignment_1_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=43E89F8E-A5D9-47BF-8B90-CBDA497F2614
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_string_sets_assignment_2_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=2E5525AE-4658-4B2E-BE71-89356755DF51
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_string_sets_assignment_3_workshop_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=326D4450-0863-4827-83AC-892BA958469B
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_string_sets_assignment_3b_workshop_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=B17AD77A-CC52-4323-89E6-773CF68F05AF
//Stored GUID
demo_tutorial_string_sets_assignment_4_workshop_solution_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=715E1182-2798-42C7-A72C-9FC5C08CF1AB
//Stored GUID
demo_zscore_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=B8C634F8-6CC9-4647-A1F2-D65ED74AC807
//Stored GUID
dfi_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F68B1980-63C6-491C-8FCD-793CF493CFDA
//Stored GUID
docs_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=06896A6F-A05C-495E-B23E-F30A652E7475
//Stored GUID
firstSteps1_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=202DE4E9-ED0B-4F3A-982A-D2948AAF330D
//Stored GUID
first_app_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=ABDE0506-F58E-4FD7-BADC-DBD0C2FCF8C0
//Stored GUID
graph_example_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=779427BF-0887-4530-9596-444EFC80FFBD
//Stored GUID
ind_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=54D5E1EE-47FC-4D0A-A881-9D9975F22568
//Stored GUID
insegt_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=9E978FAB-7C98-4918-AA68-69EB3E16D38A
//Stored GUID
iteratorTest_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=51F0BB39-1B0A-4529-B6D0-DE718EBCC1F0
//Stored GUID
join_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=754244BB-106C-4998-A298-C6433B218DCE
//Stored GUID
masai_indexer_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=8B731870-F2B6-481B-A66E-5C8D55156699
//Stored GUID
masai_mapper_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=6FC79C9E-1D88-4AD8-B877-C0E30EBC4918
//Stored GUID
masai_output_pe_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=CBFD79CE-CB76-4F0B-9AD2-5CD09486C4BB
//Stored GUID
masai_output_se_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=185C52E5-7165-4DEF-82A7-091A585A4924
//Stored GUID
mason_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=25C7E69D-F515-4CF4-9811-FC93939B175A
//Stored GUID
micro_razers_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1E129DB1-F5F0-4672-AE95-2BD78C8FC5F1
//Stored GUID
pair_align_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F63EC23C-5696-455A-B89F-E418D58725B5
//Stored GUID
param_chooser_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=0567E4AF-8092-4A87-890B-652B35A812ED
//Stored GUID
pmatching_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=0C4CA2EA-9B2C-418C-8C1F-BDF56F9FB07C
//Stored GUID
query_fai_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E69BA443-BF76-4DC0-994B-E4CCDBB4F322
//Stored GUID
razers2_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=A1BC1EDD-996B-4CE5-844A-A70E036C5E8C
//Stored GUID
razers3_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=B9780BAF-10CA-4F4B-876A-C696E8DF554B
//Stored GUID
razers3_quality2prob_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=AB64861E-0F8B-4823-B174-3E083D65C02E
//Stored GUID
razers3_simulate_reads_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=214A760B-E3CE-4C1F-BF14-DB8841BE1809
//Stored GUID
razers_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=39714B97-CBE5-4697-A6D1-ED9F5E5BB9E6
//Stored GUID
rep_sep_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E682DD98-993C-43CB-987D-59ED14C47E88
//Stored GUID
sAndI_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1C449EE8-0630-4484-A0D2-21FA5E6FE353
//Stored GUID
sak_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D8558F40-2BEB-41CD-9A55-87CD427D8180
//Stored GUID
sak_doc_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=DC2E571C-90D8-4011-93A9-ABF8E9A8A701
//Stored GUID
search_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=569001FA-D8D4-4DFD-B2B7-BC5F4575E847
//Stored GUID
seqan_core_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=5A5FA829-AB55-4A31-8027-3075830038A7
//Stored GUID
seqan_extras_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4620B100-7C56-417A-B466-BCE987C7B2B0
//Stored GUID
seqan_sandbox_my_sandbox_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1B4DC9AE-EFFA-489F-A481-C6DC6B1DCDFE
//Stored GUID
seqan_sua_target_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=39B2CDD7-214B-4B72-98BB-BFDE27693156
//Stored GUID
seqan_tcoffee_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=FEF941BB-1084-4252-A353-7B741889C31C
//Stored GUID
seqcons_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1CBA6C75-F586-4BEF-915D-E9398D5421F4
//Stored GUID
sgip_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=3F15E110-0410-4C00-A4D1-418EEF17D7F2
//Stored GUID
splazers_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=049D7804-DA15-448A-ABB8-9D272A87F627
//Stored GUID
stellar_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4CCC7509-B4A7-4B52-B256-49B786E6DA1A
//Stored GUID
test_align_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=A2FD1FC2-F1D5-4D0F-8713-71EE907CB1B0
//Stored GUID
test_align_split_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4802B5EC-4E7B-46F6-83CC-80C9AA327E6C
//Stored GUID
test_alignment_free_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=A652683E-E935-48D3-8F66-C489D0790317
//Stored GUID
test_arg_parse_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=80ADE632-1CC7-4B43-B9E7-4B9FDE009AE4
//Stored GUID
test_bam_io_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=9EDB0799-AF00-427E-9B30-763AE225BD36
//Stored GUID
test_basic_aggregate_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=FDE50ECD-5041-4C25-9D4C-AEB8FF679882
//Stored GUID
test_basic_allocator_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E04AABAE-D59E-4FB4-9EA1-D481EDC55338
//Stored GUID
test_basic_alphabet_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1DC1CC57-2DB3-4990-989B-685F63AD2EB8
//Stored GUID
test_basic_concept_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=84EDD466-3912-4470-962C-6BE8567334A7
//Stored GUID
test_basic_container_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1863B2AE-B97F-47BD-8A41-66A38A3EAFDE
//Stored GUID
test_basic_fundamental_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=41B7A803-1862-4112-9D30-F178E9BC7DC5
//Stored GUID
test_basic_iterator_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=ADB33499-FBF0-46C7-8E06-540C36EB028D
//Stored GUID
test_basic_math_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E85442F9-15C6-4441-AEAF-589106208342
//Stored GUID
test_basic_metaprogramming_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=80B8536B-C634-4EFB-9DDB-D1F0FC3C90E8
//Stored GUID
test_basic_parallelism_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=8BF2CAF6-2D39-4588-86BE-DA7193C9A6BA
//Stored GUID
test_basic_proxy_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1C51F72E-C5C6-4685-B888-E12ADBD90B2F
//Stored GUID
test_basic_smart_pointer_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C0D8D62D-0607-49BF-84E5-E5002A683771
//Stored GUID
test_consensus_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=8D879723-FFAE-40D2-BD42-499A01B2DB5C
//Stored GUID
test_file_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=5C84F5AE-B3EB-449A-AD4B-F9283A7F1D3C
//Stored GUID
test_find_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=447ABB8F-6824-4374-A530-D3FDEAAD48C5
//Stored GUID
test_find_motif_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=FE6A2A88-F3AD-4128-8766-5AD553B5C186
//Stored GUID
test_find_swift_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=8770BCDB-782C-4AB3-AA7C-C2A5C3E9A377
//Stored GUID
test_funcs_param_chooser_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C07EB723-C266-4DFE-B116-3A52D0835B05
//Stored GUID
test_gff_io_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4221B44F-3940-4571-855D-996FFA2386F3
//Stored GUID
test_graph_algorithms_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=EB868576-D6A6-450A-A17C-7BAFBCADCF16
//Stored GUID
test_graph_align_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D09AD7FC-58A0-4F1B-AA4F-FD03B221F2FD
//Stored GUID
test_graph_msa_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F30E443E-F4D8-40AC-96D1-238E0CAF8AE7
//Stored GUID
test_graph_types_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=915AE719-BCBD-46DC-BEDE-E47DB95164AC
//Stored GUID
test_index_creation_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C5093AE5-D40E-4789-9EBA-500A0E1680D2
//Stored GUID
test_index_crosscompare_char_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=7857037E-A5E4-427D-90C2-764E2D1C95F6
//Stored GUID
test_index_crosscompare_char_dfi_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=47881487-2861-467A-B021-604160A3DA20
//Stored GUID
test_index_crosscompare_dna_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E97F47A8-2C8E-46AF-90CE-A96D5D16666B
//Stored GUID
test_index_crosscompare_dna_dfi_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D8DA539B-3BC7-4F44-90BE-75B0757F1339
//Stored GUID
test_index_drawing_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=063EB47B-090E-46F6-9E47-D0F53439CCBF
//Stored GUID
test_index_fm_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D66E1162-C9BC-4FC4-BC9C-F2449D08E40E
//Stored GUID
test_index_fm_rank_dictionary_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=BE74BA23-9ABB-4A04-A71F-F62BF5F924D8
//Stored GUID
test_index_qgram_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=3B05E37A-FE04-47FE-AF26-BF03FBF49BBB
//Stored GUID
test_index_repeats_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=EDE34126-CF58-40BB-A561-FA116B103259
//Stored GUID
test_index_sa_bwtwalk_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=FB8B435B-D335-4732-9C9C-3BB97C87D542
//Stored GUID
test_index_shapes_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=E43FB201-A3C2-4ED0-A2CD-DAF0653D743E
//Stored GUID
test_index_stree_iterators_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=4702EE92-AF01-4477-AD25-1A7CF7DEE990
//Stored GUID
test_map_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=B93C66EA-A1CE-4834-B1B8-B6F35F643F59
//Stored GUID
test_misc_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=281049BC-9D64-4468-8A25-BCB2D317DB7B
//Stored GUID
test_misc_cmdparser_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=6D49F365-4891-453D-8D64-309DB31C1FE2
//Stored GUID
test_modifier_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C75E9193-8CCE-4ABB-8C24-1E5FB649447F
//Stored GUID
test_multiple_translation_units_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F51147DB-1642-4AB2-86EC-E9E8B4FC9715
//Stored GUID
test_parallel_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=ADC150D6-5974-4CDB-9A9B-521500E8D4D1
//Stored GUID
test_parse_lm_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=83CFCBA0-DF09-4917-B627-A5A1F94A6E3E
//Stored GUID
test_pipe_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=15588486-A4E9-4C8B-9F6C-4DA6234154E5
//Stored GUID
test_random_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=3D270185-E70F-47F7-BA08-46AD64336E6F
//Stored GUID
test_score_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=11299F48-18EF-4395-91B3-3CDAC55C88E6
//Stored GUID
test_seeds_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=DFC9908B-482B-427A-B399-9D721A572BE8
//Stored GUID
test_seq_io_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=BAE6752B-0063-4845-A04B-A30666C37044
//Stored GUID
test_sequence_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=A734A4FA-2F7E-4CB0-8196-F083F347DB2A
//Stored GUID
test_sequence_journaled_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=5163BB3F-9261-46E8-9C5C-414348F9948F
//Stored GUID
test_statistics_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=F7B2AA39-3422-469F-AA06-4B6FFF827B99
//Stored GUID
test_store_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=FB135043-39EE-472A-AE50-070580E8D677
//Stored GUID
test_stream_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=1F7EB0F1-4861-43AF-ACC1-873C55E1959F
//Stored GUID
testaln_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=C6B11AAB-739B-42CC-A96B-C475465C6E4A
//Stored GUID
tree_recon_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=05AF6772-3FBF-49A0-A3D8-BE473B391930
//Stored GUID
variant_comp_GUID_CMAKE:INTERNAL=D3982950-CF70-4BF7-ABF7-2F6477DA1023

